nrin August E PROSPECTUS FOR VOLUME N THE SEPT6MBER NUMBER.

A CHANCE TO ME

MONET.

I am out of debt and thanks to ihe Dish

Washer for it.

I have made |1,640 clear money in 87 days and attend to my household duties besides, and I think this is doing splendid for a woman inexperienced in business.

Anyone c sell what everone wants to buy, and ^very family wants a Dish Washer.

I H«-«'t canvass very much;

people come or send for the Washers and every Washer that goes out sells two or three more, as they do the work to perfection.

I am going to devote my whole time to this business now and

I am sure that I can clear $5 000 this year.

My sister and brother have started in the business doing splendid..

You can get complete instructions and hundreds of testimonals by addressing the Iron City Dish Washer Co., 140 S. Highland Ave.,

Pittsburg, Pa., and if you don't make lots of money its your own fault.MRS W. H.

IReab prospectus for IDol. 17, in Sep* tember number.

Baby knows the difference between "Genuine Pond's hxtract"and its many imitations Nature's own pain reliever is Pond's Extract Avoid substitutes;

accept iienuiue ovly, with buff wrapper and yellow label.

PCHD'S EXTRACT C0..76 F.fth Av;„«ew York.

THE CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR AUGUST, 1895.

page.

The Land of Tomorrow, (Illustrated)..

H. A. M. 587 AShipon Fire D. M. McAllister. 593 An Honorable Ancestor C S. 597 AbouBen Adhem Leigh Hunt. 600 The Persecutor Foiled John H. Kelson.

The Grandest Principle of the Gospel.

A Symposium The Child's Ghost Clarence L. Lower. 614 What Came of a Dream...Lewis Stewart. 615 Theosophy and Mormonism.

IV N.L.Nelson. 617 A Good Word for Wives MS. Paper Y. M. M.

I. A. Annual Conference A Prophecy Saved by the Bible Editorial: Courtship Conduct 64:^ Worthy Decisions A Temperance Lesson C S. 645 M.

I. Manual, Part If Milton H. Hardy and George H. Brimhall. 646 Dr.

0.

B. Hewett & Son, JX ROOMS 401-2-3, |^p|B |M|Am a Dooly P.O. Block,UbNTIS i 5 Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain.

•w The Best Work for the Least Money in the Territory.

Vol.

XVI.

AUGUST, 1895.

No.

ro.

THE LAND OF TOMORROW.

There is perhaps no country on the globe which at present holds out greater material inducements to people who desire to remove from the crowded centers of civilization than does Brazil, that country which comprises more than half of the South American continent.

It contains a greater area than the United States, and has within its borders more navigable rivers than any country of the world.

Its land is extremely fertile, producing almost without cultivation all the tropical fruits and vegetables;

its streams teem with the choicest kinds of fish;

its forests and fields abound in game for the table, as well as wild animals whose flesh is not eaten;

its mountains and plains are said to be rich in gold, diamonds and other precious minerals. The climate is delightful, there being no cold season.

On the other hand, in some places the very mildness of the weather is a detriment to the inhabitants who, being provided by nature against either cold or hunger, do not have that same incentive to work which people of the temperate or frigid zone possess.

Indeed, in many places, especially near the delta of the Amazon River, the men and women do little else than eat and sleep.

One man was so anxious to strictly observe the Sabbath that he laid aside his work each Thursday, and did not renew it until the following Monday.

Many others are equally observant of Sunday, though not always from religious motives.

One correspondent who spent some time in the country of Brazil has called it "the land of tomorrow,"because of the almost universal habit of the people to procrastinate, all of them seeming to have an instinctive dislike to finishing old tasks or commencing new ones.

Eight out of ten of the population are illiterate, and only one seventh of the children of school age attend an institution of learning.

The majority of the inhabitants are slow, peaceable and easy-going people, mostly descended from variouslyhued

Indians who occupied the country in 1492.

Some of these tribes were very dark-skinned, while others were nearly white.

Of the latter class a number are still living on the southern tributaries of the Amazon.

These tribes have distinct dialects or languages of their own, yet possess a universal language by which they can converse with any other tribe of the continent.

Many of the Brazilian aristocracy are descended from the native races, and they exhibit with pride and pleasure the portraits of their dusky ancestors.

The people generally live in peace, and though quarrels are not infrequent resulting in much scolding and rage, especially where liquor is dispensed, they seldom come to blows.

One resident of Para said that during ten years, notwithstanding the frequent harsh language he heard which would in our country have provoked a fight, he never saw two natives strike at each other.

THE LAND OF TOMORROW.

There are other parts of the republic which produce a passionate set of people who fight at trifles, and carry continually inside their shirt bosoms a narrow-bladed knife which they do not hesitate to use with murderous effect at times.

The narrow strip of coast land contains nearly all the European and African population.

Brazil abounds in relics of an ancient, mighty and intelligent race of whose origin and extinction travelers and students have vainly sought to satisfactorily account.

Nor will human pen ever write a truthful story of the early inhabitants of the South

American continent unless their narrative corresponds with the revealed record as contained in the Book of Mormon.

The Amazon valley is particularly rich in prehistoric remains.

Pottery is found in great variety and abundance.

Burial mounds of miles in extent are numerous.

Other evidences of early occupation are not lacking, the whole offering an inviting field to the explorer and archaeologist, for less is known of Brazil by civilized countries than is known of Africa—a continent which has attracted so many heroes to its forbidding wilds.

Notwithstanding all the hidden and exposed wealth of this vast country, its population is little if any in excess of fifteen million souls.

Now these people are all free, slavery having been abolished by proclamation in the year 1888, no compensation being allowed to the slave owners.

The largest city is Rio de Janeiro which claims a million inhabitants, while fifty-one cities number five thousand each.

There are ninety railways in the country.

The telegraph lines are owned and successfully operated by the government.

The indebtedness of the nation is four hundred and fifty million dollars, while the annual cost of the administration is one hundred million dollars.

Of coffee alone Brazil exports eighty million dollars, while forty million pounds of India rubber are shipped, besides a large quantity of sugar and cocoa.

The United States receives from our southern neighbors one hundred million dollars of goods annually, sending them only fifteen million dollars in exchange.

They do most of their business at present in Europe, though it is gratifying to

THE LAND OF TOMORROW.

5*9 note a growing sentiment in favor of

America for future business dealings.

One of the most important and thrifty cities of Brazil is Para, a seaport on the east bank of the Para River, which at this point is twenty miles broad.

This city is the capital of a province of the same name.

Large vessels anchor here, and the whole commerce of the Amazon and its affluents pass through

Para.

The annual exports amount to upwards of eight million dollars of which six million consists of the famous Para rubber.

The imports reach the sum of five million dollars.

The gathering of rubber is a labor fraught with great toil.

A tribe called the Cearenses are mostly employed in this business.

The rubber tree grows mostly on low, swampy ground, which is frequently overflowed by the rise of the Amazon and its tributaries. The houses of the workmen are built on stakes which are only of sufficient height to keep water out of the room.

Split palm trunks are used for the floor, palm leaves form the roof as well as the sides, if, indeed, the house is provided with sides which is not always the case.

These leaves are lashed to the side stakes and roof poles by means of forest vines.

For miles in either direction there are no neighbors.

The living is simple consisting for the most part of stiff, black coffee, sometimes game or fish, jerked beef, mandioca and always a liberal supply of rum for which the rubber gatherer is sometimes charged an exorbitant price. The workman's outfit consists of a gun, which is used for killing game for food or animals for safety, a narrow-bladed hatchet with which to gash the bark of the rubber tree, and a basket of tin or earthenware cups in which to catch the milk of the trees.

In the early morning the man goes out among the trees which he skillfully opens and to each of which he attaches a cup to catch the dripping fluid.

From one to two hundred trees are thus treated by ten o'clock, when he returns to his hut to eat and rest.

After breakfast he revisits his trees, from the cups of which he empties the rubber milk into a bucket which usually holds from five to eight poundr.

When the product has been taken to his hut, he there builds a very smoky fire, and in the smoke he hangs a paddle suspended by a vine from the tree trunk above.

On the blade of the paddle he slowly pours the milk and keeps it revolving for a few minutes until the layer of rubber coagulates.

Other layers of rubber are added until a large piece weighing from eighteen to thirty pounds is formed on the paddle end, when it is slipped off and is ready for market.

At the end of the season the workman takes his rubber to the trading station, where, if he is fortunate enough to secure a price that will cover the mortgage he has already given on his crop, or pay bills which he contracted before the season's work began, he feels contented and begins again to run an account to be met at the close of the following year's business.

Unscrupulous traders often take advantage of the drunken condition of the rubber gatherers and cheat them without mercy.

But there are some of the trading-station keepers who not only benefit themselves by their business, but assist the depraved

Brazilians to lead a higher life.

Sometimes these trading stations are made points of attack for roving bands of drunken workmen.

On the Para River there lived for some years a gentleman whose health was not good and whose wife was therefore under the necessity of attending to the business.

He became so sick after a time that he was moved to a hospital in one of the cities, and it was while he was thus absent that a body of drunken workmen, Indians and Negroes, came to the station and demanded rum.

She refused

59Q THE LAND OF TOMORROW their request and ordered them to leave, but supposing her to be defenseless they insultingly began to break open the store room, when she seized her repeating rifle, in the use of which all women in the country districts of Brazil are skilled, and fired it over their heads.

Her command to leave which accompanied this shot was instantly obeyed, and the cowardly fellows hurried away to their canoes and sped down the river to the music of whistling bullets.

Had she been less courageous or prompt, her accumulations of years would undoubtedly have been destroyed and probably her own life would have been lost.

As it was, however, when these same men visited the place again they were very friendly, being awed into submission by the bravery ot the little woman.

In addition to the rubber industry the raising of cattle and cacao furnish employment to many people.

No better country is to be found in the world for feed than that which borders the Amazon River and its tributaries, and good profits result from this business.

The cattle raiser has to be continually watchful of his herds, as jaguars, alligators and other destructive animals are continually seeking for prey and do not hesitate to attack even the largest animals.

Floods, too, are not uncommon, which necessitate the moving of herds at the first indication of a rise in the waters.

It would amuse some of our readers to witness the method of herding which is adopted in Brazil.

Horses are only used where great speed is required.

They seem incapable of enduring usage in that climate for more than three or four years.

Oxen are thereiore employed for herding, and with a saddle on their backs they do not make an uncomfortable mode of travel.

They trot rapidly but their movement is a double and twisted jolt.

Wickedness abounds to an alarming extent in this great country, notwithstanding the fact that religion has so many votaries.

It is probably not so much their consciences as their desire for rest that prompts the observance of the many religious and public holidays of the country.

One ol the principal festivals is that oi ''Our Lady of Nazareth,"which is of two weeks duration.

It is based upon old legends and is surrounded with curious customs and superstitions.

A traveler in that country thus describes this holiday:

"The image of the saint is drawn in a beautiful little chariot from the palace to the square of the church where the festival is to be held.

The government authorities precede and hundreds of people lollow carrying in their hands or on their heads the miracles that the saint has wrought.

These are legs, arms, heads, breasts, etc., made of wax and showing sores or swellings or other diseases that have been miraculously cured by the saint in answer to prayer.

The little chariot is drawn by many hundreds of quarreling, pushing, pounding, scolding women and men, who are trying to get a place to grasp the long ropes that serve to draw the chariot.

These have all vowed to help draw the chariot because of some favor asked and obtained from the saint.

"After reaching the church and depositing the image in the niche, the people are entertained in the shady square by boys climbing the greased pole, catching the greased pig, running sack races and the like.

This is on Sunday morning.

Then for two weeks nearly every evening the large square is illuminated, and there are five or six brass bands, and rockets and other fire works in profusion.

But generally one of the chief attractions of such festival is the gambling.

There are about thirty gambling houses of different grades about the square, and, though they are prohibited by law, they are crowded by all sorts of people from the richest to the poorest."'

An up-country Cart.

Interior of a Native Hut.

Taking the Washing Home.

Of late years Brazil has been undergoing many governmental changes which may result in time in a stable republic that will do credit to the great continent of South America.

These troubles were actively commenced with the revolution of November 15th, 1889, when Don Pedro II. was deposed and exiled, the exciting cause being the attempt to form a national guard of the better class of citizens.

This was a suggestion of Count d'Eu, a son-in-law of Don Pedro, who was anxious to secure the succession of his wife to the throne, she having been the regent of the empire.

It was under her regency that slavery was abolished on May 13th, 1888, the movement being a popular one, but she being a reluctant actor in the drama.

It was at the consummation of this event that the Brazilians gave way to merry-making for three weeks in commemoration of the event.

This act, however, was only a prelude to the abandonment of the old monarchy, which was followed by the separa-

59 2 '////•; LAND ()/'TOMORROW.

tion of church and state and the proclamation of a republic.

Princess Isabel was not sorry for the deposition of her father, as she had hoped to succeed him in the empire.

Indeed alter the rebellion had been in progress for some time Admiral de Mello, who had himself acted at first with the rebellion tried to win back the monarchy for Countess d'Eu.

She and her husband, however, were not popular.

Their high-handed measures when they possessed power did anything but win favor for them.

Instead of seeking to allay the prejudice which existed against them, they persecuted powerful in the country, opposed him on this ground.

He was called "The sly old fox at Rio."Another reason for his unpopularity among some people was that he opposed the conservatism which had been so marked a characteristic of the people.

He knew something of Brazil's varied and extensive resources, and desired to open the country for the influx of people from other lands.

To accomplish this purpose it was necessary to build wagon roads, railways and to establish modern improvements, in all ot which labor his people were incompetent.

Hence the necessity which he found for securing the ser- A Saddle-Ox.

and thus sought to crush out this bitter feeling.

The result was the very opposite to what they had hoped and expected.

Dom Pedro was a wise and good ruler, and is said to have been the most cultivated and erudite emperor the world has lately seen.

He had ruled for half a century, and had sought to advance the interests of his country.

When he left his native land it was with a heart full of love, sympathy and good wishes for the prosperity of his home.

He was disliked because of his opposition to the religious fanaticism of some of the people.

The Catholics, who were very vices of foreigners to at least manage, if not to do the labor of construction.

His efforts seemed to be to improve the material and then the intellectual condition of his people.

Notwithstanding this patriotic feeling, however, he was banished, and died in Paris, December 5th, 1891—a kingwithout a throne, a man, however, whose greatness will be better understood by the next than by the present generation.

The leader in the revolution was the General Deodora da Fonseca, who was himself trained to monarchy, but was ambitious of power, and accepted, though apparently with re-

A SHIP ON FIRE.

luctance, the position tendered him as the leader of the revolutionaryforces.

On the eve of the uprising he was sick in bed, but allowed himself to be assisted to a horse, in which condition he appeared at the head of the troops.

The provisional government which was formed was composed of crude material, there being only one man in a prominent position who was capable of performing the duties required of him.

Fonseca himself was a good military dictator, but for the peaceful establishment of a republic he was not a model of excellence or ability.

Under his leadership the governments of cities and provinces were remodeled without consultation with those most directly concerned.

These and other high-handed proceedings, together with the doubling of the standing army, which added expense to the already burdened country, resulted in a feeling of bitter hostility towards the new order of things.

When the leader endeavored to restrain the press and muzzle the cable, and then as a final effort sought to force a constitution upon the people which they were not ready to receive, affairs reached their climax, and England and the

United States refused to recognize such a constitution.

Realizing that he had gone further than he perhaps ought to have done,

Fonseca now allowed the election of members to a constitutional convention for the country, who ratified the constitution after making some necessary amendments.

The government of Brazil is modeled much after that of America, it having a president, cabinet, senate and lower house.

The constitution was adopted February 24th, 1891.

In the early fall of congress attempted to restrain Fonseca in his waywardness and dictatorship, but he dissolved the national congress November 3rd, 1891, declared Rio de Janeiro in a state of siege and was preparing to put down the revolt in Rio Grande do Sul, the most prosperous province of the republic, when the officers of the army and navy unitedly demanded his resignation.

Deprived of the support which he had hoped was his, he deemed it best to meet the request made of him, and Floriano Peixotto, who had been the Vice-President, assumed his position.

He, however, showed himself a very slight improvement upon Fonseca.

Since the events narrated above there have been periodical disturbances and changes within the empire,, and to all human appearance it will require some time to settle the people of that country upon a solid foundation, such a one as will prove beneficial to the country and encouraging to emigrants from abroad.

There is no doubt, however, that the day will come when the treasures of Brazil will be opened to the world, and its people will be taught the higher lessons of life which will make them better citizens here, and prepare them for exaltation hereafter.

H. A. M.

A SHIP ON FIRE* Our president asked me to be prepared to occupy a portion of the time tonight, and I have endeavored to think of something that might be interesting.

There are numerous *Incidents of an ocean trip, related to the Y.

M. M. I. A., of the 17th Ward, by Elder D. M.

McAllister.

Stenographic report by LeRoie C.

Snow.

subjects, of course, that would be profitable to speak about, but, as has been announced, it is intended to vary tonight from our usual practice of considering more especially the principles of the Gospel.

I think that perhaps the relation of some incident that has transpired in my own experience may be acceptable to you.

/ si111* ON FIRE.

It has occurred to me, therefore, to select as the subject of my address on this occasion, an episode that happened on the Atlantic Ocean, when I was returning home Irom my last mission abroad.

It was an encounter with a steamship on fire.

The details are stamped upon my memory, and I believe I can relate •the principal features of the circumstance.

One thing I promise you, it will be an unadorned statement of the affair.

It will not be amiss, perhaps, to preface my statement with a few remarks on occurrences that preceded this event.

We sailed from Liverpool on the steamship, Arizona, at p.m., on Saturday, November 2nd, 1889.

Early the next day we arrived at Queenstown, formerly called the Cove of Cork, and stopped in the harbor to receive the mail for the United States.

As soon as the anchor was cast, a number of small boats approached, in which were men and women, boys and girls, trying to persuade the Arizona's passengers to purchase various curiosities of Irish production.

We learned that there was a delay in the mail train, and that the Arizona would have to remain several hours.

A number of the passengers expressed a desire to take advantage of the time and visit the town, and this request was easily gratified, as the tender that brought the information about the delay of mail, was on hand to take those ashore who wished to go.

I had never been on the "Green Isle,"and gladly embraced this opportunity.

As soon as the passengers landed on the wharf they were immediately accosted by a number of voluble, witty Irish people who sought to induce them to buy souvenirs of Ireland, shillalehs, walking sticks, ornaments made of bog oak, also handkerchiefs and other articles made of the celebrated Irish linen and laces.

We were importuned by garrulous drivers to hire their renowned jaunting cars for a ride through the town.

In addition, there was a crowd of beggars soliciting alms, and quite a number of them were cripples and blind people.

The sympathies of the people were excited by the latter, and many gave small change freely.

You know how it is with missionaries returning home after an absence of two and half years: they do not have much money in their pockets, consequently I avoided the temptation of a jaunting car ride, and walked up into the town, very much pleased with the appearance of it.

It was Sunday, and when passing the Catholic Cathedral, I saw a number of people kneeling on the steps, and some on the street, devoutly counting their beads and praying.

The doors were open, and I heard the music made by the choir and organ inside.

I stopped just a few minutes to note the appearance of the people.

I was desirous of seeing all I could in a short time, and walked rapidly through the town, and some distance into the country, meeting on the road many dressed in their Sunday clothes, who accosted me pleasantly.

Those I met were evidently on their way to church, and, though otherwise tolerably well clothed, most of them were walking barefooted, carrying their shoes in their hands instead of wearing them.

A mile or two beyond the outskirts of the town I came to typical cottages of the Irish peasantry, and was much interested in their appearance.

One of the cottages especially attracted my notice, and I decided to get a glimpse of its interior, so made my way around a pile of stable manure, which was against the side of the house, under the window, and from which a small pond of seepage had been formed.

Looking in at the open doorway I saw a woman kneeling before a small crucifix, which was placed in the center of a number of shelves containing the family crock-

A SHIP ON FIRE.

ery-ware.

She was moving the beads on the string in her hand, and, I presume, going through the usual formula of prayer that devout Catholics utter.

I also noticed a lot of chickens in the middle of the earthen floor of the room;

they were picking some food that had been prepared for them in a large tin pan, and they seemed to be quite at home there.

On glancing to the right of the room I saw the head of a cow poked over the upper part of her stable door, the lower half of the door being closed.

She was evidently looking to see if there was not something for her to eat, as well as for the chickens.

To the left was a fireplace, in which was a fire of peat, and close to it were five or six children, poorly clad.

My presence was quickly noticed.

The children jumped to their feet and stared at me, the women hearing them, turned around and stared also.

I made an apology and requested her to inform me what time it was.

She gave me the information and I turned to leave, but did not go alone, all the children followed, bare-headed and shoeless.

They were very civil and agreeable, walked along the road asking and answering questions quite politely, and I enjoyed their company.

I had a little copper money in my pocket and distributed it among them, and they were profuse in their expressions of ''God bless you, mister.

All then ran home except the two eldest, who accompanied me back to town, and I soon after went on board the tender, with the mail bags, and returned to the Arizona.

Two days after sailing from Queenstown we were about one-third of our way across the Atlantic;

the Arizona being one of the largest and swiftest of the ocean steamers, usually makes the trip from Liverpool to New York in nine days, and this was our third day out.

About one o'clock of this day, just as those of us who were not suffering from sea-sickness were preparing to go to lunch, we heard the man on the look-out shout to the officer on the bridge "A steamer on the starboard bow, flying a signal of distress."This shout, as you may readily suppose, excited the immediate attention ol the few passengers on deck, who ran to the forward part of the vessel, eager to catch a glimpse of the distressed steamer, and ascertain what was the matter.

There was a general commotion among the people on the Arizona. The officer in charge called the captain from his cabin, who leveled a telescope on the approaching vessel.

The passengers procured their field glasses, those down stairs, even the sick, came hurrying up, and soon the greater portion of all on board were gathered on deck, eager to see the coming steamer and learn the cause of alarm.

We were sailing very rapidly, and the other vessel was steaming towards us, so in a short time we were sufficiently near to communicate by means of the code of flag signals that are used for correspondence between ships at sea.

We, I mean the passengers, anxiously awaited the interpretation of the signals, but before we received the information the vessel had come near enough for us to observe there was smoke issuing from the portholes, and openings on the deck.

At intervals the smoke would become quite dense, but soon diminish again;

evidently it was caused by fire in the hold of the ship.

It was a very large steamer, apparently new.

When near enough, we saw that the crew, and probably passengers also, had gathered on deck, and that the life boats were all hanging over the sides, ready to be lowered into the sea.

The vessel appeared to us to be in a critical condition, and that those on board were preparing to abandon it.

By this time the propellers of the Arizona, and the other steamer also were stopped, and we were about a quarter of a mile apart.

It would have been imprudent to approach

59^ A SHIP ON FIRE each other nearer, as the sea was rolling high and, not being under headway the vessels pitched and tumbled about in all directions.

Presently the captain and officers made known to the cabin passengers of the Arizona the meaning of the signals, and it was this:

The name of the steamer in distress, if I learned aright, was The Queensmere.

It was a powerful, iron steamer, perfectly new, had made but one trip from Liverpool, and was then returning from New

Orleans, laden with cotton and cattle.

A fire had started in the cotton, in the hold, in some unaccountable way, and the cattle, between two and three hundred head, had all been smothered to death by the smoke from the smoldering cotton.

The captain of The Queensmere desired our captain to have the

Arizona turn around and attach a line to his vessel, and assist them in going to Queenstown, hoping they might reach that harbor before the fire destroyed the steamer.

Our captain's reply was that he could not comply with this request.

Ours was a government mail steamer, under contract to make the voyage to New

York as quickly as possible.

He advised them to abandon their vessel, and offered them passage on the Arizo?ia to New York.

It was evident that this proposition was being considered by the captain and officers of The Queensmere.

We could see they were holding a meeting on deck about the matter, and our captain patiently waited their answer.

Pretty soon more signaling was done, and the interpretation of it was that they would endeavor to ascertain the extent of the fire, and if it had gone too far they would accept our captain's offer and abandon their vessel, but if not they would risk proceeding alone, and try to reach Queenstown.

We waited about two hours while they investigated, and all the time smoke continued to issue from various openings in the sides and deck of the unfortunate steamer.

The sympathy of myself and fellow passengers was excited to a degree that is impossible for me to properly describe.

We hoped they would accept our captain's proposition, as it seemed such a dreadful risk for them to continue on their vessel with the cargo on fire, and the probability that they would have to abandon it, with no help at hand, embarking in their small life-boats with a possibility of getting swamped in the heavy sea then rolling.

While we were thus delayed the cabin stewards kept running upstairs, from the dining saloon, asking us to come and eat, saying, "Lunch is getting cold."But none of us would heed their importunities;

we could not eat while a number of human beings in close proximitv were in such a perilous situation.

In the course of about two hours the decision was signaled to our captain.

There were about thirty individuals on The Queensmere, and they had decided to remain on the burning ship, and do the best they could to reach Queenstown without help.

They said, if it became necessary, they would take the chances of perishing in their boats on the ocean.

The result was that we parted company; our kind-hearted captain, and all on board the Arizona, expressing the utmost sympathy in seeing the vessel sail away from us with the prospect of death staring in the lace all the crew and passengers.

I am quite certain it was not alone the ladies among us who shed tears on that occasion.

I will not trouble you with details of our voyage during the six following days.

The distressing occurrence was in the minds of the captain, officers and passengers continuously, and was talked and conjectured about quite frequently.

When we entered the harbor at New York, even before the line was thrown that fastened the ship to the wharf, the captain shouted to the agent waiting

AN HONORABLE ANCESTOR

us there, "What has become of The Queensmere.

All were anxious to hear the reply, and eagerly listened.

The answer was, "By cablegram, we learn that, in a fog, she struck a rock on the coast of Ireland, and was broken to pieces, but all hands were saved."These tidings, while producing a general feeling of regret concerning the unlooked-for final cause of destruction of the beautiful vessel, made us glad to learn that none on board had lost their lives.

From other information received, after the landing, I ascertained that, before reaching the coast of Ireland, they were compelled to stop the propellers because steam could not be kept up, the fire in the hold making it so hot that the stokers could not remain in the boiler rooms.

Ill-luck followed the vessel to the last;

a dense fog arose and made it impossible far the officers to see or guess their way.

Making the best calculations possible they failed in reaching port, but, instead, struck a rock, and the ship they had so faithfully stayed with became a total wreck, the rock and waves completely destroying what the fire had left.

The crew had just time to lower the life boats, and all were taken ashore.

This ended the little story.

In thinking about the matter, as I have many times, it has occurred to me that a profitable lesson might be derived from it.

The ill-fated steam ship reminds me of a certain class of individuals on the sea of life.

They start on their voyage under favorable circumstances, strong in body, and well equipped with all that is needful to enable them to withstand the storms of adversity they may have to encounter.

Through neglect of some duty, possibly the failure to humbly seek for the Spirit of Truth to protect them, a little fire of passion is kindled in their souls, which they fail to discern, and it slowly develops until it threatens their physical and spiritual destruction.

In this condition they meet a judicious friend on life's ocean to whom they appeal for help.

He offers to them the means of escape from impending danger, pleads with them to abandon the fiery passions that are consuming them, and proffers to take them to a haven of safety.

But, no, though anxious to be relieved from distress, they wish to be saved in a way of their own choosing, and are not willing to forsake the burning evils that have taken such firm grasp on them, then, declining the proffered aid, they decide to proceed on the course they have been following, blindly hoping to reach the harbor of their choice in spite of the destructive forces within them.

And, lo, we witness the inevitable result Tossed on adverse waves, near a dangerous, rock-bound shore, devoid of the Spirit of Light to guide, enveloped in a fog of doubt, inwardly consumed by the fires of sin, they are dashed to pieces and lost.

AN HONORABLE ANCESTOR.

When the bigotry of the last James compelled his subjects to take up arms against him, Sir John Cochrane was one of the most formidable enemies to his dangerous usurpations, and one of the most prominent actors in Argyle's rebellion.

For ages a destructive doom seemed to have hung over the house of Campbell, uniting in a common ruin all who joined their fortunes to the cause of its chief.

Sir John Cochrane was no exception.

He was surrounded by the king's troops, and, after a long and desperate resistance, he was taken prisoner, and was tried and condemned to die upon the scaffold.

He had but a few days to live, and.

his jailer awaited only the arrival of the death-warrant to lead him to ex-

59» AN J/ONORAJi/.E ANCESTOR.

ecution.

His friends had visited him and exchanged the last farewells, all but one; his daughter Grizel, the pride of his house, his dearest treasure, she alone had not come to receive his last blessing!

Night had fallen on the prison, and the father sat with his head pressed against the cold, damp walls of his cell, longing for a last look of his favorite child, when the door opened, and the keeper entered, followed by a young and beautiful girl.

Her person was tall and commanding, her eyes dark, bright and tearless with a sorrow too deep to be wept away.

The unhappy prisoner raised his head.

"My child!

my own Grizel!"he exclaimed, as he pressed her to his heart.

"My father!

my dear father!"sobbed the miserable maiden.

"Your interview must be short, very short,"said the jailer, as he closed the door and left them together.

"Heaven help and comfort thee, my precious child!"said Sir John.

"I had feared that I should die without bestowing my blessing on the head ot my daughter, and that stung me more than death;

but thou art come, my love—thou art come!

and the last blessing of thy wretched father "Nay, father, forbear!"she exclaimed, "not thy last blessing not thy last!

My father shall not die!""Becalm, be calm, my child,"he said, "Would to heaven that I could comfort thee my own But there is no hope; within three days thou and all my little ones will be fatherless he would have said, but the word died upon his lips.

"Three days,"she repeated, raising her head from his breast, but eagerly pressing his hand;

"three days!

then there is hope—my father shall live.

Is not my grandfather the friend of Father Peter, the confessor and master of the king? From him he shall beg the life of his son, and my father shall live.

"Nay, nay, my Grizel,"he returned, "be not deceived;

there is no hope.

Already my doom is sealed.

Already the king has signed the order for my execution, and the messenger of death is now on his way.""Yet my father shall not die shall not die!"she repeated emphatically, and clasping her hands, "Heaven speed a daughter's purpose!"she exclaimed, and turning to her father, said calmly, "We part now but we shall meet again.""What do you mean, my child,"he enquired eagerly, gazing anxiously on her face.

"Ask not now,"she replied, "my father, ask not now.

Pray for me, and bless me, but not with thy last blessing."He again pressed her to his heart, and wept upon her neck.

In a few moments the jailer entered, and the door was closed between father and daughter.

On the evening of the second day after this interview, a wayfaring man crossed the drawbridge at Berwick from the north, and, proceeding along Marygate, sat down to rest by the door of an inn on the south side of the street, nearly fronting the spot where what was called the "main guard"then stood.

He did not enter the inn for it was above his apparent condition, being that which

Oliver Cromwell had made his headquarters a few years before, and where, at some earlier period, James VI. of Scotland had taken up his residence, when on his way to England.

The traveler wore a coarse jerkin, fastened around the waist by a leathern girdle, and over it a short cloak of plain material.

He was evidently a young man, but his beaver was down, so as almost to conceal his features.

In one hand he carried a small bundle, and in the other a staff.

Having called for a glass of wine, he took a crust of bread from his bundle, and after resting a short time, rose to depart.

Night was-

AN HONORABLE ANCESTOR.

coming on and a storm was threatening.

The heavens grew black;

the clouds rushed from the sea;

sudden gusts of wind moaned through the streets, accompanied by heavy drops of rain, and the face of the Tweed was troubled.

"Heaven help thee ifthou intendest to travel far in such a night as this!"said the sentinel at the English gate, as the traveler passed him to cross the bridge.

In a few minutes he was upon the wide and desolate moor of Tweedmouth; which for miles presented a desert of furze, fern and stunted heath, with here and there a copse of thick brushwood.

He slowly toiled over the steep hill, braving the storm, which now raged with the wildest fury.

The rain fell in torrents, and the wind howled like a legion of famished wolves, hurling its doleful echoes over the heath.

Still the stranger pushed onward, until two or three miles from Berwick, when, as if unable longer to brave the storm, he sought shelter amidst some bushes by the wayside.

Nearly an hour had passed since he sought this imperfect refuge, and the darkness of the night and the storm had increased together, when the sound of a horse's feet was heard hurriedly splashing along the road.

The rider bent his head to the blast.

Suddenly his horse was grasped by the bridle; the rider raised his head, and the stranger stood before him holding a pistol to his breast.

"Dismount!"cried the stranger, sternly.

"The horseman, benumbed and fear-stricken, made an effort to reach his arms;

but instantly the hand of the robber, quitting the bridle, grasped the breast of the rider and dragged him to the ground.

He fell heavily on his face, and for several minutes was senseless.

The stranger seized the leather bag which contained the mail for the north, and flinging it over his shoulder, rushed across the heath.

Early on the following morning the inhabitants of Berwick were seen, hurrying in groups to the spot where the robbery had been committed, but no trace of the robber could be obtained.

Three days had passed and Sir John Cochrane still lived.

The mail, which contained his death warrant had been robbed and before another order for his execution could be given, the intercession of his father, the Earl of Dundonald, with the king's confessor might be successful.

Grizel now became the almost constant companion of her father.

Nearly a fortnight had passed since therobbery of the mail, and protracted hope in the bosom of the prisoner became more bitter than his first despair.

But even that hope, bitter as it was, perished.

The intercession of his father had been unsuccessful;

and a second time King James signed the death warrant.

Within little more than another day that warrant would reach the prison.

"The will of Heaven be done!"groaned the captive.

"Amen!"responded Grizel with wild vehemence, "yet my father shall not die."Again the rider with the mail had reached the moor of Tweedmouth, and a second time he bore the doom of Sir John Cochrane.

He spurred his horse to its utmost speed—he looked cautiously before, behind and around, and in his right hand he carried a pistol ready to defend himself.

The moon shed a ghostly light across the heath.

He was turning the angle of a straggling copse when his horse reared at the report of a pistol, the fire of which seemed to flash in its very eyes.

At the same moment his own pistol went off, and, his horse again rearing, he was thrown from the saddle.

In a moment, the robber, with his foot upon the breast of the messenger, was bending over him and brandishing a short dagger, saying:

"Give me your arms or die!"The heart of the king's servant;

6oo ABOU BEN ADHEM.

failed him, and, without venturing a reply, he did as he was commanded.

"Now go thy way,"said the robber sternly, "but leave with me thy horse and the mail, lest a worse thing come upon thee."The man arose, and returned to Berwick, and the robber, mounting the horse, rode rapidly across the heath.

Preparations were making for the execution of Sir John Cochrane, and the officers of the law waited only for the arrival of the mail with the second death warrant, when the news arrived that the mail had again been robbed.

For yet fourteen days the prisoner's lite would be prolonged.

Putting his arms about his daughter he said, "It is good.

The hand of Heaven is in this!""Said I not,"replied his child, and for the first time she wept, ''said I not that my father should not die?"

The fourteen days were not past when the prison door flew open, and the Earl of Dundonald rushed to the arms of his son.

His intercession with the Confessor had been successful, and, after twice signing the warrant for the execution of Sir John, the king had sealed his pardon.

He hurried with his father from the prison to his own house;

'his family were clinging around him, shedding tears of joy.

Grizel only was absent.

They were marveling with gratitude at the mysterious providence that had twice intercepted the mail, and saved his life, when a stranger craved an audience.

Sir John desired him to be admitted, and the robber entered;

he was dressed in a coarse cloak, and coarser jerkin, but his bearing seemed beyond his condition.

On entering, he slightly touched his beaver, but did not remove it.

"When you have read these,"said he, taking two papers from his bosom, "cast them into the fire."Sir John glanced them over started, and then became pale. They were his death-warrants.

"My deliverer!"he exclaimed;

"how—how shall I thank thee—how repay the savior of my life?

My father—my children—thank him for me!"The old earl grasped the hand of the stranger—the children embraced his knees.

He pressed his hand to his face, and burst into tears.

"By what name, 'eagerly enquired Sir John, "shall I thank my deliverer?'The stranger wept aloud, and raising his beaver, the raven tresses of Grizel Cochrane fell over the coarse cloak.

"Gracious heavens!"exclaimed the astonished and enraptured father, "my own child—my own Grizel!"It is unnecessary to add more.

The reader can supply the rest, and we may only add that Grizel Cochrane, whose heroism we have briefly sketched, was the grandmother ot the late Sir John Stewart, and greatgrandmother of Mr. Coutts, the celebrated banker.

Consequently she was the great-great-grandmother ol Baroness Burdett-Coutts.

C.

S.

ABOU BEN ADHEM.

Abou Ben Adhem (may his tribe increase!)

Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace,

And saw, within the moonlight in his room,

Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom,

An angel, writing in a book of gold

Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold,

And to the prerence in the room he said, "What writest thou?"The vision raised its head,

And with a look made of all sweet accord,

Answered, "The names of those who love the Lord.""And is mine one?". said Abou, "Nay, not so,"Replied the angel.

Abou spake more low, But cheerly still; and said, "I pray thee then,

Write me as one who loves his fellowmen."

The angel wrote, and vanished.

The next night It came again with a great awakening light

And showed them names whom love of God had blessed And lo!

Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.

Lciph Hunt.

THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

The period of time in which the events narrated in this story occurred, was one of the most turbulent in English history.

Charles the First had just ascended the throne.

He was a staunch supporter of the Episcopal

Church, which had been "established"by acts of Parliament;

the king was its head as the pope was the head of the Catholic Church.

He decided what was orthodox and what was heresy.

As he appointed civil officers to collect his revenues and dispense justice in his name, so he appointed bishops and other spiritual dignitaries to preach the gospel and administer the sacraments.

The king could make a priest by virtue of divine right supposed to.

belong to the kingly office, and the priest needed no imposition of hands or any other ordination whatever.

These were the opinions and decrees of the great reformer, Archbishop Cranmer, and so absolute was his conviction that all divine authority centered in the living head of the nation, that when Henry the Eighth died this prelate and his suffragans took out fresh commissions under the new sovereign; holding that his and their authority terminated with the demise of the monarch.

The high pretensions for the king's prerogative in spiritual affairs provoked bitter controversies among divines, both Catholic and Protestant.

The primitive Protestants were socalled for protesting against the alleged abominations of the Catholic

Church.

They regarded the pope as the "Beast;"the "Man of Sin;"the "Anti-Christ."Various circumstances combined to divide Protestants into two great factions, Episcopalians and Puritans.

Between these there was a less radical class of religionists called Dissenters.

The chasm dividing the two grand factions widened as persecution i was employed by the National Church against the more democratic and popular institution.

10 b It is said that both Catholics and Puritans were burned at the same stake, of the church, church powers The Puritan joined hatred crown with hatred of the As he argued that the ought to be governed by of i<"s own appointing, so he contended that temporal power was best lodged in a parliament.

From this it will be seen that the reformation produced three classes of divines.

By the extreme church party many of the practices of the Catholic Church considered by the early reformers as superstitious mummeries were revived.

Holy days and sacred shrines were again held in veneration.

A prejudice was manifested against priests who were married.

Some ministers of the Established

Church set up institutions resembling

Catholic nunneries, in which a company of virgins, dedicated to God, chanted at midnight psalms and prayers.

But while the High Church party were thus going back to the shadow of the Catholic Church, the majority of the Puritan body departed in a direction diametrically opposite from the principles and practices of their fathers.

Persecution had not tamed or subdued them, but provoked them to stubborn savageness.

They mistook vindictive feelings for emotions of piety, and imagined that their enemies were the enemies ot heaven.

They took the Old Testament as the best exponent of their views;

as the New Testament did not countenance the indulgence of malevolent passions.

In the former they pretended to find much to justify practices of malignant cruelty.

The history of these fierce and gloomy spirits evinced a partiality for Old Testament language.

They selected Hebrew names for their children.

The extreme Puritan went about with a sour face;

his eyes upturned to the clouds;

his hair was long and cut straight around his head.

He spoke his peculiar dialect in the drawling,

6o2 THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

nasal twang; even common domestic subjects were spoken about in the style and imagery of the Hebraic scriptures.

The precisionists of both parties regarded each other with an animosity more intense than had ever existed between Catholics and Protestants.

The terrors of the Star Chamber and the High Commission, which had done such formidable work under the Tudors were invoked by the High Church party with a malignant energy unknown to any former age.

It was Christmas Eve in the early part of the seventeenth century.

The day had been clear;

the ground was covered with a thin, white sheet of snow upon the shaded side of the narrow lanes, and upon the banks of the hedge-rovvs, while the feeble and slanting rays of the sun had swept up the snowy carpet upon the opposite side, and left a narrow strip of bare ground.

The cheerless trees and bushes were stripped of leaves, but glistened with crystals of hoar frost, the only adornment winter affords them.

Since the sun had sunk down into the yellow, hazy west, the air had received a frosty chill, and the soft foot-path began to harden under the breath of the keen air.

The shadows deepened; and as modern street-lamps were an unknown luxury in small towns, in those olden times, orchard and meadow, pointed gable and thatched roofs lost their identity and became an unshapely mass of black objects in the gloomy night.

For an hour or more darkness rested upon the village, and here and there a faint light glinted through the crisp atmosphere, which with occasional indistinct sounds, were the only evidences of the vicinity of human abodes.

Presently the full disk of the moon slowly emerged above the distant Mendip Hills; and then a jumble of weird and harsh sounds came from a cluster of tall elm trees overhead, but it was only the drowsy cawing of the rooks, as some newly-awakened bat flitted near them in chase of its prey.

Then another sound broke upon the stillness.

It was the wavy boom of a church bell, and as the eye turned in the direction of the sound it fell upon the indistinct architecture of an extensive edifice.

As the full light of the ascending moon was shed upon the whole landscape it revealed the castellated walls and arched cloisters of a monastery, and its most conspicuous feature, the chapel tower, whence the solemn tones of the bell proceeded.

The chroniclers have left no positive proof of the legend, but it is supposed that it is from the presence of such an institution in the locality that the village of Nunny takes its name.

As the darkness more and more retired before the increasing glory of the Queen of Night another grim edifice became visible.

The ruins of which stand today, and furnish the veracity of this story.

This ruin is famed throughout Sommersetshire as Nunny Castle.

At the date of our story it stood about half a mile from the monastery.

It was in olden time a stronghold and home of a succession of lordly barons and their knights and retainers.

It is now a rectangular ruin, about forty feet in height, roofless and completely overgrown in ivy;

a delightful paradise of bats, owls and magpies.

The outlines of an ample fortress, surrounded by a wide moat were now visible, and as the moon shed its light upon the embrasured walls, the painted towers, and massive portcullis, the observer was convinced of its ample dimensions, and perfect security.

It was evidence, too, that it then had quite a number of occupants, for lights flashed from many of the embrasures and casements, and were reflected upon the dark and sluggish surface of the waters which laved the castle's base.

THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

The village of Nunny stood in the midst of green meadows and dense woods.

The houses were mostly built ol rough hewn-stones, thatched with straw or roofed with dirt; many of the roofs were copiously covered with bunches of house leak, or "Jupiter's Beard."The houses were jumbled together without plan or order.

In the center of the village was an open space facing a quaint gothic structure in front of which, swinging upon a tall post, was a sign-board, upon which was written, in antique characters, the following legend, under the figure ofa youthful giant ''The fat boy accommodation for men and horses.

Nunny Castle was owned and occupied at the period by a Puritan of the precise type, named Noah Farrer.

He was a descendant of a race of illustrious characters.

His father was a political Puritan, and related to Queen Elizabeth's favorite,

Archbishop Whitgift, who assisted in drawing up the celebrated creed known as the Lambeth articles.

Noah began his career as a reformer of the

Calvinistic order, and was condemned by the High Church party for resisting the doctrines of "Submission to princes. "He passed through the troublous times of the reign of Queen Mary.

In those fierce and intolerant persecutions he lost rich estates, and took refuge during the evil days in the town of Strasburg in Germany, accompanied by his wife and only child, named Ruth.

Here he sat at the feet of the great doctors of divinitv and became confirmed in his views of a strictly democratic form of church government, as well as a more simple worship, stripped of the elaborate ceremonies and showy pomp of popery and High Church rituals.

His partner died during his exile, and when he returned to his native land he brought with him the settled conviction that so far as the Episcopal Church was concerned, it needed reforming as much or more than the

Catholic Church did.

He hated both that church and the government that supported it.

Through the changes since the death of Queen Mary some of his estate was restored to him, and by the demise of an elder brother he became the possessor of Nunny Castle.

His brother had held the castle under the title of baronet, being the lowest degree of hereditary honor in the United Kingdom.

Baronets were created for the purpose of raising money, and otherwise supporting the government.

Each baronet was bound to maintain thirty soldiers for the crown.

Repugnant as it was to the Puritan to assume the baronetcy upon such distasteful terms, yet the possession of a place of refuge, security and defense by one in his antagonistic position was particularly desirable;

besides this there was the honor and distinction of the title.

Among the property restored to Noah was his old family residence, a large mansion situated in the neighborhood, called Crewkerne Hall.

It was a grand old edifice, piled up in picturesque architecture, situated in the center of a spacious wooded park.

A gigantic avenue of spreading trees led from the high road, a distance of half a mile, to the mansion's entrance.

On his return to England, the Puritan was accompanied by his daughter who had now matured into a fair and charming maiden.

Father and daughter took possession of Crewkerne Hall, and according to the custom of the period, the knights and esquires, farmers and tenants of the village and neighborhood visited the returned exiles and tendered their congratulations and fealty.

As Was natural the young mistress of Crewkerne was the star of the neighborhood.

Beautiful in face, graceful in form and movement, and yet modest and unassuming she received without reserve the respectful obedience of her father's numerous dependents, while she was the

THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

"toast"of the whole parish and the adored object of a score of doughty knights of various degrees and fortunes.

From among this troop of admirers there was only one who had secured her real interest—yea, her love, the treasure of a heart which was a stranger to frivolous coquetry.

And, as often happens, the treasure of her affections was bestowed upon one who, however worthy, was objectionable and unfortunate.

The recipient of Ruth's tender regards was one whom nature had greatly favored.

He was sufficiently protected from physical opponents by the possession of a robust and athletic form.

His pleasing features blended harmoniously with a carriage graceful and commanding.

The adverse element in this love affair was this:

Ruth's affianced lover was Riemer, son of Edmer Pusey, between whom and her father there existed that fiercest ot all antipathies, religious hate.

This man belonged to the earldom of England, and was found always among the straunchest asserters of the divine right of kings, and consequently an enthusiastic promoter of the high church movement.

The mutual attachment between Ruth and Riemer Pusey had been formed privately, and was the natural issue of various secret interviews, and while nothing unchaste or dishonorable had sullied these stolen love wooings, the romantic element of concealment, enhanced its enjoyment.

Still their pleasure was often marred with the thought of inevitable exposure, sooner or later; and knowing the mutual animosity of their fathers, they regarded the future with anxious forebodings.

Edmer Pusey was a church dignitary of great influence and wealth, and included in his secular and ecclesiastical "holdings"and "livings"was the parochial district of Nunny.

The old parish church which is still a conspicuous object in the landscape, was a Catholic structure in which the imposing rituals of the Romish worship had been celebrated for several centuries.

The turbulent waves of the reformation had invaded its sacred precincts and swept away the gilded altar with its brilliant array of candlesticks and emblems, the gaudily vestured priesthood, the fumes of incense, the host and chalice of the eucharist, the sacred images, the pictures and the confessionals.

The interior of the church had been appropriated to the modest and unadorned services of the early reformers.

But social society was now passing through a series of violent commotions.

But the high church primate, Pusey, had restored its Catholic features.

He re-erected the altar and relit the wax tapers;

the priest again appeared invested with cope and stole, alb and chasuble;

the worshipers were awed into reverence by the solemnly intonated antiphonies and grotesque genuflexions.

This was the condition of affairs in the village of Nunny when the Puritan and his daughter returned from their exile.

The influence of the Puritan became more and more visible.

He spent a great deal of his time at the castle, the gates of which were always open, and all who desired walked in and ouL at pleasure.

The soldiers whom the master was compelled to maintain for the crown were quartered within its walls, and numbers ot the Puritan's own yoemen and knights also shared its hospitalities.

There was a small chapel within the castle precincts wherein the resident chaplin held divine worship according to extreme Puritanical doctrine and practice, under the direction of its master.

The chapel had not been used for religious purposes since the reformation, until the fortress came into the

THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

hands of its present owner.

All its furniture and appointments were such as belonged to the religion of the Catholic church.

The first work of the Puritan was to convert the chapel into a plain meeting house of the prevailing style used by dissenters.

He pulled down the altar and in its place erected a plain pulpit, in front of which was placed a table called the communion table.

On each side of the pulpit were niches in which had stood the sculptured figures of the virgin and child on one side, and upon the other a cross upon which was stretched the form of the Savior.

These idols, as he called the figures, the Puritan removed, broke them in pieces and threw the fragments into the castle moat;

and set up in their places tablets having the Ten Commandments inscribed upon them.

The services were conducted by the minister in plain clothing, and consisted of prayers and singing psalms, in which the congregation joined, followed by a simple sermon or pious exhortation.

In place of the imposing ceremony of the Catholic mass, the church members met around the table and partook of bread and wine in commemoration of the last supper of their Lord.

The Puritan grew rapidly in favor with the miniature commonwealth;

the general discontent under the Royalist party greatly strengthened his popularity.

In order to promote his influence with his parishioners, and to check the waning power of the established church, Edmer Pusey had taken possession of an unused monastery, situated near the village, and furnished it appropriately after the pattern of Catholic nunneries. In this cloistered retreat the prelate induced a number of religiously inclined women to live in retirement from the world.

They were placed, like nuns, under the authority of a mother superior.

It was the bell of this monastery that was heard tolling on the night of this Christmas Eve, the occassion being that of the death agony of a dying person in the village, and at that moment the soul was supposed to be "passing"from earth to its eternal abode.

Hence it was called the passing bell.

It was customary at midnight for the nuns, who were all chaste virgins, to assemble in the convent chapel and chant prayers and sing hymns of praise.

This is in imitation of the vestal virgins of the old Roman institution.

The prayers were offered especially for the welfare and preservation of the state.

Upon this evening while the bell was announcing the departure of a soul from earth, a body of foot soldiers entered the village from the high road, proceeded to the square and halted in front of the Fat Boy Inn.

There were about fifty of them, and after a short parley between the officer in command and the landlord of the inn about half of the troop entered the hostelry, and the rest were marched to the gate of the monastery where we will leave them while we describe a scene within its walls.

Within this sombre edifice, whicn was built rather to exclude, than to foster comfort—there were many chambers, called cells.

They were mere enclosures of bare, unplastered walls containing a bed of straw, and one or two articles of furniture.

These cells were the abodes of the nuns during a certain portion of their time.

In another part of the monastery there were other apartments, used by the mother superior and other officials.

But there was one chamber from which no comfort or luxury was excluded;

into this we now introduce the reader;

this apartment was of moderate dimensions.

The walls were hung with tapestry, representing in antique characters scriptural and church histories and legends.

6o6 THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

A unique carpet covered the floor, consisting of fresh and fragrant rushes laid down, their glossy green variegated with fresh herbs, and such flowers as the season afforded, while a dais or raised floor in the center was covered with a rich carpet of red and gold brocade, embroidered with animals, birds and flowers.

Several antique banners covered with gilt devices hung out from the walls.

A fire of pine logs sent a cheerful and voluminous blaze roaring up the ample chimney.

A tall branching chandelier stood upon the dais supporting four curious lamps, from which a grateful fragrance as well as a flood of light was diffused through the chamber.

An ancient table, grotesquely carved, covered with a green cloth, occupied the center of the elevation, by the side of which stood a stately chair similar to the one seen in cathedrals in which the bishop sits.

In this chair, with paper and writing material before him, sat the prelate Edmer Pusey;

and, occupying a seat upon the opposite side of the table, was that dignitary's son, dressed in the uniform of a military officer of high rank. They were engaged in earnest conversation, a part of which will, perhaps, be of interest to the reader.

"I tell thee, Riemer,"said the elder Pusey, "the diabolical and atrocious exploits ot this renegade and wandering gospeler shall be stopped instanter.

The pews in the church are empty.

The poisonous contagion of this round-head has entered every domicile in the parish.

We have the single grains of the people while he has the sheaves.

His flesh ought to blister at the same stake with his wiggish confederates.

The face of the listener assumed a troubled expression as he replied:

"By what means is your determination to be consummated?

Your language implies instant action.""The soldiers at the castle,"answered the elder, "are under your command; in addition to this force, I have sent a requisition to the commandant at Taunton for an auxiliary troop to At this moment a knock upon the door arrested their attention.

At the command of the prelate the door opened and a liveried page announced the arrival at the monastery of the soldiers.

"You will go, Reimer, and give orders for the disposition of your forces and execute the commission entrusted to you with all possible dispatch.

I will remain at the monastery to receive the report of your successful capture of your prisoner.

The young man left the apartment and proceeded immediately to the main portal and gave directions for the soldiers to be admitted to the monastery. He then went to another part of the enclosure and entered a sort of guard room where a small party of dragoons were quartered.

"Captain Joyce,"said he, addressing the officer, "my horse!"In a few minutes after, the clatter of a horse's hoofs were heard beating upon the frozen ground leading out of the village in the direction of the Crewkerne Hall.

It was now two hours since the curfew bell in the old church belfry had announced the hour of eight of the clock, and given a hint of bedtime.

But on this particular night little attention was paid to the bell or its admonition.

Christmas carol singers were dissipating a sort of weird and joyless mirth through the rimy air.

The bar, parlor, and tap-room of the Fat Boy were crowded and uproarous;

for not only the festive season but the unusual presence of soldiers at the inn had attracted thither the male population of Nunny.

While in the houses the family was poor indeed who did not, upon Christmas Eve pass round the ample mug of ale, bock or punch, in which floated the traditional "toast,"or "Fair Lady of the Cross Bath."And from

THE PERSECUTOR TOILED

which we derive our custom ot "toasting"at public dinners.

As Riemer Pusey rode toward the home of his sweetheart a conflict of emotions was raging in his breast.

To carry out the edict of his father was to deliver up her father to cruel torture and death.

To disobey was certain disgrace and, perhaps, fatal consequences to himself.

He rode rapidly until he aroused the keeper at the lodge gate, and entered the avenue leading through the park.

The gloom of the wood added to the agitation and forebodings in his soul.

''What shall I do!"he muttered to himself;

"if I tell her the shock will be death to her.

And if I act without her knowledge He paused as if he heard a voice.

He pulled rein and brought his horse to a stand, then acted as if listening to some one speaking.

But it was only his own thoughts:

or, perhaps, some friendly invisible spirit had communicated to him a way out of the difficulty.

"I have it!"he cried, audibly, "I will save him and myself, too!"

When he reached the hall a portion of the building was brilliantly illuminated, while a light shining from a particular casement which he knew to be the boudoir of his lady love, told him she had not retired.

As he approached the entrance the sounds of subdued revelry met his ear.

''The servants are celebrating the holiday,"he thought.

At this moment a domestic who had heard the horse's approach saluted him and took charge of the animal.

The cavalier was admitted without ceremony to the mansion, and repaired directly to the apartment of his sweetheart, who received her lover with tokens of joy and undisguised affection.

After a few moments spent in mutual assurances of tender regard, Riemer, with a serious countenance said:

"Ruth, my love, your father is in imminent peril, and I am come to tell you that you alone can save him The maiden was alarmed and shocked at the intelligence, and eagerly drank in the words of her lover, which he rapidly delivered;

and, bursting into tears, she lamented bitterly the awful danger threatening her beloved parent and then exclaimed:

"Oh! my dear father!

What a dreadful world this is!

What monsters of cruelty men are to each other!

Dear Riemer! you said that I can save him, oh!

tell me, quickly, how can I afford him the help you speak of?

"Calm yourself, my love, your father shall escape from his enemies, and by your hands.

Listen, dear, and do my request.

Take your pen and write the words I dictate."In a moment or two the maiden held a pen in her hand ready to do her lover's bidding.

The writing finished, young Pusey secured it about his person and departed.

Riemer rode with all speed till he again halted before the monastery.

He alighted and walked directly to the guard-house, and gave directions to an officer to proceed to the castle, and place the soldiers there on guard, at the portcullis, and also at the door of the apartment of the master of the castle;

and further ordered that the drawbridge should not be lowered nor any person be permitted to enter or leave the fortress during the night.

After giving these orders to the guard he hastened to the apartment of the Mother Superior.

It was now midnight and the sounds of soft and plaintive music from human voices echoed through the sombre arches of the old monastery.

The Mother Superior with her group of white-robed virgins was in the chapel singing hymns appropriate to the festive season.

The apartment was without an occupant when young Pusey entered.

<„>s THE PERSECUTOR FOILED.

He pulled a bell cord and a female servant appeared.

"Send hither my page,"said he.

The servant bowed and retired.

In a moment or two a tall, sleek figure in graceful fitting livery entered and stood with slightly bowed head before his master.

"Slipper, I have an important piece of business on hand, the faithful discharge of which

I know, from your past alacrity, I can entrust to you."The page bowed gracefully and his master proceeded.

"You are to deliver a missive tonight to the master of the castle;

you must, yourself, place it in his own hands.

The castle is guarded upon the inside and no one can enter or leave it by the drawbridge tonight.

You must gain access thereto by the secret passage with which you are already acquainted.

The master, Noah Farrer, is ignorant oi this secret entrance to his chamber, and will undoubtedly be surprised at your intrusion upon his privacy, which, however, the issue of your errand will explain and justify.

Ycu will ride my horse on your journey to the castle but resign it to the master to aid his escape."After some other details of the adventure were explained the page retired, and was soon riding his master's horse toward the castle.

The night was far advanced.

The festivities had ceased and the village was wrapped in profound silence. On reaching the castle the page passed the entrance which was closed by the drawbridge, and proceeded to the edge of a copse which skirted the moat opposite the main tower.

This tower was of considerable size, and near its top was the apartment occupied by the Puritan.

On reaching this spot the page alighted and tethered his horse securely; he then entered the copse and advanced toward a large pile of stones which were so built up as to form a picturesque grotto in which a tiny streamlet of crystal water gently flowed into a moss covered basin, formed by a rock hollowed out. The page went round to the back of the grotto, and after parting some briers and other vegetation he began to gently move some of the loose moss-covered stones.

After a number of the stones had been removed an aperture appeared, and soon the opening was large enough to admit the person of the page.

He entered it, and then, from an inner part of his clothing, he drew forth a small hand lamp, from another part of his dress he produced a miniature tinder box, with flint and steel, by the aid of which he soon produced a light in his lamp.

Holding the light so as to see his way, the page proceeded onward into the opening, which proved to be a narrow passage leading under the moat to the before-mentioned tower.

The page had to bend down.but soon reached the foundation of the stone work, when he came to a flight of steps which wound around the center shaft of the tower.

Noah had held prayer meeting in the chapel, and the inmates of the castle had retired at the usual hour, as the Puritan did not approve of holidays and festive revelries. But after he was in bed he was made aware that something unusual was going on within the walls of his citadel, and soon learned that the soldiers had received orders from the outside to take possession of the place.

He naturally felt alarmed, and sent in various directions, to ascertain the cause of this strange proceeding, but to no avail.

While he was in this troubled state of mind he heard a strange sound issuing from some part of the chamber, but. could neither understand what it was k or locate its source.

He was sitting in front of the fireplace, and soon learned that the noise proceeded from the side wali of the chimney.

In another moment he was horrified by the

THE PERSECUTOR TOILED.

sight of one side of the chimney corner moving outward, as upon hinges, and from a dark cavern issued the form of the page, who immediately made a significant gesture of silence and whispered:

"Be pleased, my lord, to be silent.

A great danger threatens your lordship.

I am come to assist you in leaving this place.

You will find shelter and safety among your friends at Crewkerne Hall.

A horse awaits you outside.

Be pleased, my lord, to read this letter."The Puritan read the following lines:

"My Dear Father:

"I have just learned with utter dismay that you are to be arrested and sent to the court of high commission.

"I implore you, dear father, take any means of escape that may be opened to you.

"Your horrified daughter, "Ruth.""The high commission!"exclaimed the Puritan with horror depicted on his countenance, "that is the sure road to a martyr's doom!

Whence came you?""I am commanded to be silent as to myself and those who sent me hither, but I pray your lordship to follow me instantly, and your escape is certain.""The writing is Ruth's,"mused the Puritan, "there can be no trap or scheme of deception in this.

Lead the way;

I will trust thee."The Puritan and the page disappeared through the opening, which closed after them, leaving no trace of disturbance visible.

In a short time the Puritan was seated in the saddle and swiftly galloping toward his own mansion.

The page remained and replaced the stone of the grotto, re-covered them with the vegetation, and then proceeded on foot to the monastery, and reported the successful issue of his errand to his master.

It was now in the plan of young Pusey to make an appearance of carrying out the orders of his father.

No one at the castle was aware of the intended arrest of their master, or that he had left his apartment.

On learning of the escape of Noah,

Riemer had turned to the barracks and ordered the soldiers to be ready at daybreak to march to the castle.

Christmas morning broke brightly, and long before the sun appeared the whole village was astir with active preparations for the festivities and revels of the season.

The bell for "Matins"tolled out its invitation to the villagers to assemble in the church for the morning service of prayer, but few heeded its call.

Before it ceased a troop of soldiers, with Riemer Pusey at their head marched up to the barbican of the castle, when the shrill notes of a bugle rang out upon the air, and instantly a guard appeared above the battlement of the side tower and demanded what was wanted.

"Let down the drawbridge and give us entrance, 'replied the officer.

The order was obeyed and in a short time the soldiers were drawn up inside the walls.

The order was then given for the arrest of the master, and everybody, except Riemer, was surprised when the master could nowhere be found within the castle.

After diligent search was made Riemer dispatched a messenger to his father stating that Noah Farrer was not at the castle, but that he would seek him elsewhere until he captured him.

The soldiers were then sent back to the monastery.

The Puritan was never arrested, and no wonder, when the principal agent employ for his capture was warmly interested in his freedom.

The shifting of the scenes in those eventful times soon gave prominence and power to the parliamentarians.

Riemer gained rapidly in favor with the Puritan, when he learned how much he was indebted to the valiant young man for his deliverance from

6io THE GRANDEST PRINCIPLE OF THE GOSPEL, his awful predicament.

And thus in a most unexpected manner the difficulties which clouded the path of Riemer and Ruth were dissipated and in due time their brightest dreams of happiness in each others society were realized.

John H.

Kelson.

THE GRANDEST PRINCIPLE OF THE GOSPEL*

A SYMPOSIUM.

The following letter explains itself:

Salt Lake City, February 16th, 1895.

Mr Dear Brother.—In the Young Men's and Young Ladies'M.

I. A.

of the Twentieth Ward a paper is read once a month known as the Index.

This is prepared by editors who are appointed by the president, and the contributions are mostly obtained from members of the "Mutual"or of the ward, and they are supposed to be an "index"into the mind and character of those who compose the association.

There is, however, no rule restricting the contributions within any prescribed circle, and the present editors think a good end will be served in obtaining from a number of persons an answer to one question.

These answers (all upon the same subject), and the names of those giving them, will be read in the meeting, and besides furnishing variety it will combine the two virtues of being entertaining as well as instructive.

If you regard this as a liberty on our part in trespassing on'your time, we hope you will excuse us, and pay no attention to the request.

If you disapprove of the method also, it can be vetoed in the same way, but should you feel disposed to comply we shall esteem it a favor and thank you in anticipation.

We do not desire the answer to exceed the limit of the paper we enclose, but it may—if you choose be written on both sides, and mailed to us not later than the twenty-eighth instant.

In answering, a brief statement of the reasons for your belief would be much appreciated.

We enclose stamped envelope for reply.

Very respectfully yours, Editors, {per N.

Y. S.) A copy of the above letter, together with the following question was mailed or delivered to a number of brethren, and their replies are herewith submitted:

Question.—What, in your opinion, constitutes the grandest principle, or the most attractive feature of the Gospel?

*This article lis copied from the Index, a manuscript paper issued by the Improvement Association oi the Twentieth Ward, Salt Lake

City, Utah.

The editors of the number containing this article were Nephi Y. Schofield and

Alice Ellis.

From the standpoint of thinking religionists in the early years of the present century, I respectfully submit that the grandest principle revealed in this dispensation was that of the personality of Deity, in connection with the old yet ever essential

Fatherhood of God.

The revealment of this conjoint principle brought man into renewed proximity and relationship, which implied communication, or, as it is designated, revelation.

The revealing of the Son placed beyond controversy His exalted mission and authority, and involved the essential brotherhood of man.

From this still further connection of principles arises the practical agency of man and by the process of development, the natural

THE GRANDEST PRINCIPLE OE THE GOSPEL.

6ir conclusion of enlargement and exaltation.

Upon this foundation is predicated faith, responsibility, reward or penalty, which means weakness, transgression, repentance, the divine order of baptism, and that promised gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands which is the God ordained method and represents both Deity and progress.

These are all inseparable from Priesthood, organization and system, each of which forms a link in the grand chain of divinely prepared salvation and exaltation;

but which is the brightest, strongest, heaviest or most important link in that chain is probably beyond the reach of human wisdom or God's conclusion.

Henry W. Naisbitt.

What feature of the Gospel is most attractive to us individually depends largely on our own peculiar mental makeup. We view things from our particular standpoint, and from that standpoint judge them. To me there is no principle of the Gospel more attractive than that which assures me, / am a son of God literally and truly, with all the possibilities within my reach of becoming like my great Father; and that all mankind are like me His children, his sons and daughters.

This is the foundation of all that follows.

It is the keynote that calls for obedience, on our part, to the Majesty on high.

By the right of His Fatherhood, God requires our allegiance to His laws.

By the claims of universal brotherhood, we are bound to deeds of love and kindness to all mankind.

Through the understanding of this same truth we are encouraged to acts that are noble, virtuous and exalted, or in one word, are God-like.

By it—on the other hand, we are restrained from aught that would bring dishonor on so illustrious a parentage.

The hope it brings, thus becomes the guiding star through all our life, the incentive to all good, the restraint that checks our evil tendencies, the support that gives us strength in temptation and patience in trial.

Thus to me the doctrine of the Fatherhood of God, and the brotherof man underlies all other principles of the Gospel and gives it a reason for existence, a power to unite earth and heaven, and an influence with mankind for his salvation which nothing else / can conceive of can do.

George Reynolds.

I consider marriage for time and eternity the grandest principle, or the most attractive feature of the Gospel.

My reason is this:

Man is a progressive being, and in his progress passes through several chapters in the soul's history.

Time is only a part of eternity.

If the associations of man and woman in the relation of husband and wife terminate at death, then will terminate also the relations of the family as designated in the sacred words father, mother, son, daughter, brother, sister, and all other words expressing relationship.

This would check man's progressiveness.

The chain would be broken, and the soul's happiness blasted. We plant here, and reap in the great hereafter.

The Gospel forms a marital union that remains unbroken through eternity, and thus secures man's progress.

Love, the most God-like sentiment of the human soul, reaches its highest development, and with it the development of all the noble virtues of the children of men.

The familv tie naturally brings in the principle of baptism for the dead, for this principle is associated with our love for the dead.

Thus, through the eternal nature of the marriage relation, and the sanctity of the marriage vow, the law of man's eternal connection to man is revealed, and the line of man's kinship is made an unbroken chain from the beginning of his existence extending down through time

6l2 THE GRANDEST PRINCIPLE OF THE GOS PEL.

and stretching into the endless cycles of eternity.

Respectfully, your Brother, T. D.

Lervis.

One view of the Gospel—and I think a correct one—is, that it is a perfect system of principles, each perfect in itself, and, like the human body, no one part can say of another, I have no need for thee, nor am I better than thee.

Faith, without repentance, repentance without baptism, baptism without the gift of the

Holy Ghost would be fatal to the perfection of that system; and hence each principle is, from that point of view as important as another.

Nevertheless there is another view, not inharmonious with the former; that underlying and permeating the operation of all the rest, the principle of Love stands pre-eminent.

It was so accounted by the Savior.

His admonition was: "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy mind and with all thy soul, and thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."

On these two commandments, he said, "hang all the law and the prophets."The Apostle Paul discourses at some length on the principle of love and its superiority.

It is called "charity"in the old translation, but in the new or revised edition it is called "love,"and this interpretation is sustained by the Prophet Moroni, who says:

"Cleave unto charity which is the greatest of all, lor all things must fail, but charity is the pure love of Christ, and it endureth forever, and whoso is found possessed of it at the last day, it shall be well with them."From these and very many more passages, all proving the same point, we are justified in saying:

Surely love must be the "most attractive feature,"although it may not technically be called a "principle of the Gospel.

Respectfully, David McKenzie.

When one contemplates the Gospel in its entirety, we behold, to a certain extent, its greatness;

but when we come to analyze its parts, that which composes the whole, then it is that the grandeur of each one rises up before us, and it seems almost impossible to say which is the grandest.

But there is one principle worthy of thought, and that is the principle of progression.

For what are we striving but eternal life, and what is eternal life but eternal progression?

For what are our missionaries spending so much time and money?

For what are we, as a people, rearing our temples and performing our vicarious work?

Is not progression the underlying principle of all?

Is not our whole labor the placing of mankind upon that plane whereby he can advance in the scale of being?

This to me is the most attractive feature of the Gospel.

To know that these qualities which we possess, through our obedience to law are capable of enlargement, and that it will be, as the poet says:

When man's enjoyment will be unalloyed,

His senses all perfected—not destroyed

Progressing on through immortality

As is the Father, so the sons will be.

kS.

IV. Jenkinsoti.

As Pri?iciples and Features have no existence in abstract sense, they must be considered in their relation to men and things.

Therefore, it follows as a logical and philosophical sequence, that principles and features are inseparably associated with attributes—or qualities as exhibited in attributes.

In accordance with this postulate, the grandest principle or the most attractive feature of the

Gospel must be sought for in man as the crowning work of the Creator.

Love is the crowning attribute of God and man.

For proof of this predicate see Roman, 13 and 10;

John, iv:

8;

Ephesians, xiii:

19;

Corinthians, xiii:

13.

THE GRANDEST PRINCIPLE OF IHE GOSPEL.

6iJ From the foregoing citations and numerous others that could be given, it will be seen that love is the root and attribute its correlative products, and is the grandest principle, or the most attractive feature revealed in the Gospel.

George G. Byzvater.

"What, in your opinion, constitutes the grandest principle or most attractive feature of the Gospel?'

In answering the above question I find it very difficult to decide upon any one principle as the grandest, or any one feature as the most attractive, in the glorious Gospel of Christ.

As I reflect upon the many grand principles thereof, there opens up before my vision, the glorious prospect of man's destiny, his likeness to God, eternal progression, endless lives, and there whispers to my soul, in tones of softest, sweetest melody, the voice of God, in constant and immediate revelation, guiding ever in the way of life.

The principle of eternal covenants rises before me, binding us to eternity, and the voices of dear ones gone before, gently whisper in appeal and thanksgiving, reminding me of that beautiful work of salvation for the dead; and there comes, with sweet comfort, the spirit of prophecy, bearing testimony of the truth.

Then there is the principle of faith, with its power to remove mountains, to raise the dead and even to create worlds, that wonderful principle of power, without which all others are of no avail, for "without faith it is impossible to please God."There are also the principles of authority, priesthood, government, and organization, and underlying all the wonderful principle of the atonement.

But I must stop or my answer will be too long.

I had thought to speak of the organization of the Priesthood as the Gospel's most attractive feature, because it has always had a peculiar fascination for me, carrying with it, as it does, a testimony of the truth of the work of God, and bearing in all its parts the impress of divinity, but when I think of the wonderful plan of redemption, where all is so grand, and all so attractive, I cannot and dare not particularize, but can simply exclaim, "how glorious is the work, and how boundless the love of our God Thomas HulL I cannot reply to the above as one question, as it contains the elements of two.

At first thought it would seem that the principle of faith would constitute the grandest principle.

Faith is the principle of action in all intelligent beings.

It is the first great governing principle which has power, dominion and authority over all things; by it they exist, by it they are changed, or by it they remain agreeable to the will of God.

Without it there is no power, and without power there can be no creation nor existence (First Lecture on Faith).

It does not follow that faith is necessarily "the most attractive feature."We are justified in the belief that the love of God surpasses all other commandments, and is, to a certain class the most attractive principle; certainly nothing in the Gospel can be more lovely or beautiful than the love of God, out of which is born "sweet charity."But the principle of salvation, or that feature of the Gospel which holds out to mankind the certainty of salvation through faith and works cannot fail to possess great attractiveness to mankind;

it may therefore be said to be a more attractive feature than faith, for it is the promise of salvation which evokes hope in the human mind and awakens in the soul the grand principle of faith.

To those who are initiated into the Church, however, there is still another "feature"even more attractive than that of salvation, viz., the principle of exaltation to a fullness of power and glory in the presence of God.

This may constitute the most

<3i4 THE CHILD'S CIIOST.

attractive feature to all such as desire through obedience, humility and righteousness to fulfill their high and glorious destinyFaith being the foundation principle, and exaltation the glorious resultant, it may not be amiss to consider them the grandest principle and most attractive feature of the Gospel.

Jos. F. Smith.

The grandest principle of the Gospel, its most attractive feature, is that which teaches that man may become like God.

It is the sun into which the scattered rays of the Gospel meet.

Let it once take complete possession of the mind of man, and the victory over the flesh, the world and the devil are well nigh won—for, as says the apostle, every man that hath this hope within him, purifieth himself even as he (Christ) is pure;

hence it is an idea that we may say is the parent of all the virtues.

Yours truly, B. H. Roberts.

There are two principles in the Gospel that seem to me of almost equal importance.

I say "almost"because I suppose it to be true philosophy that no two things can be exactly alike.

The first of these principles is that of universal salvation.

God's mercy, like Heaven's sun, shines for all.

No individual and no class has a monopoly of it, and if all do not share His blessings alike and partake of His bounty in the same measure here or hereafter, it is because they do not deserve it, have not lived for it, have not reached the plane where such blessings are to be fully enjoyed and appreciated.

This brings us to the second and greater of the two principles to which I refer—the principle of eternal progress.

It is the greater because it comprehends the other, and, in fact, it may be said to comprehend all principles of truth, and is the Gospel in a nutshell.

All intelligences are capable of progression, and there is no end to human advancement. God was once man, and man may become a God.

The difference between them is a matter of education—of spiritual development.

Nothing is lost in God's economy, the greater will always lead and lift up the least, and even the highest is capable of still further growth, of never-ending expansion.

Eternal progress is to me the grandest doctrine of Mormonism.

Orson F.

Whitney.

THE CHILD'S GHOST.

AN IRISH LEGEND WITH A MORAL FOR PARENTS.

Among the Irish peasants it is considered unlucky to weep for the dead, and they tell the following story to illustrate the truth of this belief:

There was once a poor widow who used to spend all of her time mourning the death of her only child.

As she sat thus one night with the tears running down her cheeks the dead child suddenly entered the room and stood by the hearth in its shroud.

"Alas mother why do vou weep?"it said, in melancholy to^e.

"I am unhappy because yor gr;?/e so constantly for me.

Each tear that you shed burns a hole in my body, and causes me so much pain that I cannot rest in my grave.

Look, and see the truth of what I tell you!"It opened its shroud and showed the mother its body pierced through and through with many hundreds of holes.

Even while she looked the mother saw that with every tear that now fell in streams from her eyes a fresh hole made its appearance.

"It is to ask that you weep no more that I have come to you,"

WHA T CAME OF A DREAM.

6i5 went on the child; "for I cannot be received into Heaven unless my body is perfect and free from blemish.

The longer you weep, the longer must I be barred from Paradise, and remain shut out in the dark and dismal grave!

Weep no more, and when the time of my probation is past and my body healed and perfect, I will return again, that you may know my suffering is over and I am received into the abode of the blest!"

With these words the child passed slowly from the room and disappeared—and all through the long night the widow sat silent and motionless, thinking deeply of what it said.

After that the widow returned to the fields and resumed her neglected labors.

But, although she wept no more, her heart was still heavy with grief, and the form of her child was as constant as ever in her thoughts, yet she bore in mind the child's words and strove to be cheerful, thinking thus to shorten the time of its probation and insure its reception in Heaven.

Time passed, and then one night, as the widow sat again by the hearth, the child re-entered the room.

But this time, instead of having a look of sadness, its face was radiant with joy.

It no longer wore its shroud, but was clad in robes of shining brightness, and about its head was a halo of light, like that about the heads of saints in the pictures.

Approaching its mother the child put its arms softly around her neck and kissed her forehead, saying:

"I have kept my word and come back to you as I promised.

Because of your loving iorbearance my body has become perfect; my probation in the grave is at an end, and this night, in answer to your prayer, I am to be received into Heaven.

Look!"It opened its robe and showed its body, pure and white as snow, and beautiful with the glory of its resurrection.

In all the fair form no trace of the cruel holes remained.

There was in the child's tone a music sweeter than any the widow had ever heard.

As she looked upon its shining form and felt the tender touch of its soft arms a great longing came over her, and she wished that she, too, might end her unhappy life and become even as the child was now.

But as she thought this, the child said:

"I must leave you now, mother.

But be of good cheer—the time of our separation will soon pass.

I will wait and watch for your coming, and when you enter the gates ot Heaven I will be the first to greet you!"With these words and a final embrace the child slowly merged into a mist of light, which lingered a moment and then vanished, leaving the widow comforted and at peace.

She now resolved to repine no more, but accept without complaint the lot Heaven designed for her, knowing that in the end her reward would come when she would be reunited with her loved one, never to part again throughout eternity.

Henceforth she went about her tasks with a cheerful heart, and on the fourth night from that she laid down on her bed and died.

Clarence L. Lower.

WHAT CAME OF A DREAM.

They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover.

Mark xvi: 18.

Well, it happened several years ago.

We lived in Salt Lake City then, but incidents like the one I now relate are never forgotten, the impressions which they make are so vivid they seem to become a part of our being.

A friend of mine, my neighbor, asked me to call on him, at his home, and bring with me some other Elder,

6i6 WHA'l CAME OF A DREAM.

that we might administer to his child who then lav sick, it might be dying.

This was no uncommon call, at that time and when the evening brought release from toil, a brother, whose heart beat in sympathy with the sick, and with faith in the Lord had often blessed them with new health, and myself called on our mutual friend.

The family lived in the upper part of a large house.

To reach them we had to climb some stairs on the outside of the house, leading to the rooms in which they lived.

I mention this because, when ascending the stairs, a voice seemed to whisper over my shoulder. "You need not enter there for death has gone before you."I was a young man, but this was not the first time in my life that

I had heard the Tempter's voice, and turning (mentally,

I mean) rebuked the power that leads men's souls astray.

On going into the rooms, however, my heart first throbbed with fear and then it seemed almost to stop beating, for there I saw, lying on its mother's lap, the little child;

disease had blanched its little cheek, and oh!

its eyes were sunken and glazed.

Surely that was death.

But rousing myself, the thought that duty called me there—and doubts and fears though common enough, never yet helped mortals to bear their burdens, nor helped to move those burdens from oft the shoulders ot weary, struggling souls—stirred me to action.

We blessed the baby, and the great Physician heard our prayers.

It seemed to me that even while our hands were on the little head sickness left and life and health, taking its place, flowed like a fountain through all the little veins carrying to the limbs strength and to the features beauty.

Before we left the house the little pet, fully restored to health, stretching its little hands toward us, smiling and cooing, expressed its joy in happy baby language.

Salt. Lake City, that night, contained few happier hearts than those assembled in that little room.

Now, it seemed to me, although, it is no uncommon thing for the sick to be healed through the laying on of hands, and the blessings of our God, yet every time we see it done we wonder while we praise, and simple though my story is, the recollection brings forth again the thoughts of wonder and gratitude.

But hear the sequel of my tale:

Some time after the baby was healed, the father asked me if I remembered the circumstance, and on my assuring him there was little likelihood of my forgetting such an incident, he said as near as I can recollect:

"You know the baby had been sick for some time and we had doctor's help; we gave it the medicine prescribed, and watched and nursed it day and night.

I would tend the baby from evening until three or four o'clock in the morning, then waking my wife from her too shore sleep, would lie down to get a nap before going to work.

In this way we worked until we were nearly worn out, as you know.

One morning I laid down, with my clothes on as I always did, and while sleeping had an interesting dream.""I thought that going to Z. C. M.

I. drug store to get medicine for the baby, I got a bottle, wrapped in white paper and tied with a red string (the way drug store goods are usually fixed up) and returning home untied the string, and removing the paper found a bottle of what seemed to be olive oil.

"I awoke, and thanking God for the lesson, asked you brethren to call, with the happy result we witnessed."Lewis Stewart.

A wise man is the noblest work of God.

It is in youth as with plants, from the first fruits they bear we learn what may be the future.

THEOSOPHY AND MORMONISM.

IV.

EVOLUTION OF MAN AND THE PHYSICAL UNIVERSE.

My last paper closed with an allusion to the delicious savor of roast beef and potatoes interfering with flights of imagination necessary to conceive the marvelous speculations of Theosophy.

I had a purpose aside from the desire to exhibit by contrast how far are the theories of this philosophy from things mundane.

This second purpose was to call attention to the specific difference in point of view between eastern and western schools of thought.

I fancy a Theosophist of the ethereal type reading my account of

Nirvana, then laying down the Contributor in disgust as he came to the closing paragraph "You—a western beef-eater—presuming to judge of our spiritual philosophy!

You, who still find joy in the things of earth, setting up as critic of a religion which counts all things mortal as illusions of the basest sort—a religion which ages ago rose above the groveling plane on which you now are!"Western Theosophists, out of deference, we must suppose, to the prejudices of western materialism, include the human body as one of the "principles"that make up the man but they make it the seventh and lowest principle, and call it a mere illusion.

But in the East it is not reckoned at all.

The Vedantins, says Madame Blavatsky, count it altogether as "something beneath their contempt."* It follows from such a view that the body is something to be subdued and crucified.

All its pleasures are to be restrained that the spirit may grow.

Beef-eating is utterly gross and carnal.

Man should live exclusively on fruit and vegetables, and confine himself to what would be to us a starvation diet.

* Key to Theosophy, p. 117.

lo c We shall perhaps find much truth in these views, moderately interpreted.

But it is well to bear in mind that, carried to the extremes insisted upon by Theosophists, they have produced the fakirs of India, the monks and nuns of Europe, the asceticism which rested like a blight upon humanity during the Middle Ages, and the material stagnation which has kept the hordes of Asia standing still and growing green with the mould and slime of the ages clinging to them.

Later in the discussion I shall give what Mormonism regards as the rational relationship of the body to the spirit.

Just here I must further present the theories of "Theosophy, in order that we may have full material for comment.

We began by a consideration of that aspect of the universe called Manvantara, which is the visible, objective aspect, or that which is presented to our senses as the matterial universe.

In a period of time represented by about sixteen figures, more than half of which is gone r Manvantara will give place to Pralaya, the universal night, when the objective universe will be dissolved.

All will be in all.

Differentiated forms and colors and sounds and motions and thoughts and consciousness will be no more.

There will be but one substance, one consciousness, one existence, and this is God.

After a night of sixteen figures, during which the universe (or God) has been resting, the creation as we view it today begins to appear again and assumes successively grosser and more material forms until it reaches the seventh plane, the one on which we now are.

The question arises:

What is the moving power behind all this evolution?

To understand this, it is necessary to take some things for granted.

These are:

1.—In this universal homogeneity known indifferently as Nirvana, God,

6i8 niEOSOrilY AND J/OA'J/O.V/S.V.

the Universe, the Absolute, the Causeless Cause, there exist three primary aspects (like a diamond with three faces), viz:

Matter, Force, and Consciousness or Spirit.

During Pralaya, Force is neutral, and Matter is dissolved in Spirit, (like salt in water).

2.—At the dawn of Manvantara, Force begins to act and causes Matter to assume definite form.

Matter thus entangles or imprisons Spirit just as salt might crystallize, imprisoning the water.

Or it might be said, Spirit or Consciousness, mingles and interweaves itself with Matter under the action of Force.

If you ask why this beginning should take place, the answer is that the reason is unknowable.

This is the supreme Law ol Necessity, otherwise known as Karma.

3.—-The Spirit or Consciousness thus imprisoned constantly, during Manvantara, involves itself in matter (entangles itself deeply and more deeply), the result of which is that matter evolves, i.

e., exhibits more and more perfect forms and properties (becomes more pliable in the grasp of Spirit, so to speak).

4.—This involution and evolution goes on unceasingly during the Universal Day, (Manvantara) and ceases with the Universal Night (Pralaya).

And the alternation between work and rest continues infinitely.

It is moreover held by Theosophists that these inconceivable (to mortals) periods of time are as passing moments to the Infinite—mere pulsations of the universe.

They will never stop nor ever change.

What can be the meaning of such a universe?

And, remember, God and universe are one and the same in

Theosophy.

Can any pleasure come to—Him I was about to say—to IT from these ceaseless alternations?

Impossible;

for that would imply emotion, and emotion, it will be remembered, is an attribute denied to the God of Theosophy.

Can there be a purpose in this periodical reflection and obscuration of the

Infinite?

This is equally impossible, for a purpose would imply thought, "and how,"asks Madame Blavatsky.

"can the absolute be said to think?

The God of Theosophy has no attributes. IT rather is those attributes.

In like manner He or rather It exists nowhere, because It is existence itself.

Viewing the ceaseless evolution in nature from the few links presented to our finite senses, we cannot escape the conviction that no blind chance has been at work here.

The earth and all that exists upon its surface are as clearly the result of design as is the Salt Lake Temple surmounted by the figure oftheangel Moroni. No change takes place in physical nature that has not first been made in the plans of the infinite Designer.

The second chapter of Genesis declares a truth universal as time and space;

a truth applicable as well to the sands on the sea-shore, as to man, and to the suns which blaze in the vault of heaven viz:

things are created first spiritually then naturally or physically.

Nor did this mode of creation end with Adam.

It is going on now and will go on eternally.

Not only will there be changes in the organisms now visible to man—such changes as the records of geology exhibit and as can even be observed going on in the narrow span of a single life-time—but new organisms will emerge upon the physical plane.

But not one variation of existing organisms nor a single new creation will ever appear, save as such variation or creation is first made spiritually.

Materialists may sav that cohesion holds the particles of a stone together, and molecular attraction keeps the fibers of plants and animals intact.

But what is cohesion? What is molecular attraction? What are all similar scientific terms, but masks for scientific ignorance?

No, the thing which holds matter together is spirit.

Where there is no spirit, matter cannot assume form, and when spirit is

THEOSOPHY AND MORMONISM.

gone, matter disintegrates.

A variation in any organism, therefore, proves a variation in the spiritual pattern of that organism.

Just as the disintegrating of any form proves the setting free or withdrawal of the spiritual entity.

Even man cannot invent or create without something very analogous to spiritual pattern-making first.

All plans and designs—what are they but spiritual creations, in a sense, waiting to be clothed in material garb?

Was not the Salt Lake Temple built spiritually forty years ago?

Not, perhaps, exactly as it is today, for the mind which could create it as a whole, had also power to make variations in it as exigencies might require.

I do not wish to say that this Temple was first created an airy, tangible, spiritual structure out of the architect's mind, or rather by his mind acting upon the ocean of homogeneous spirit with which the universe is filled.

Theosophists might perhaps assert this;

nor could I either affirm or deny the assertion who could?

I only maintain that man's planning is analogous to God's planning, in that design must precede execution;

but differs in that man uses material already created, while God creates material, i.

e., moulds out of the spiritual storehouse, spirit forms or patterns round which matter clusters to form the material needed for the purpose in hand.

In other words, man's highest creations are but re-adjustments of the details of God's creations.

All this Theosophy recognizes and urges. "The material universe, from our puerile, finite point of view, at least, would seem to be a vast evolutionary laboratory, constructed in Space and Time, into which enters pure spirit or consciousness, which, forever disappearing as such, eternally reappears in endless intelligent variations and transmutations of form.

Form is but the result of Infinite consciousness seeking finite expression in matter.

Every tree is a materialized or externalized idea;

every flower, a sculptured poem;

every appearance of form, a passing from infinite ideation, into finite expression, through finite limitations;

and all this under law so absolute, so inviolable, that a single exception to or escape from its universal domain, is unthinkable."* This is a most beautiful conception, and is, I believe, a true one.

"Infinite Ideation"is, according to Mormonism, the source of all finite expression, whether that expression be in form, color, sound, motion, or thought.

Let us understand this word better.

Ideation is the power to form ideas or make mental pictures; to think, to plan, to construct.

Infinite Ideation is this power as inherent in Deity.

Latter-day Saints call this power faith, and make it the supreme attribute of the God they worship.

From the exercise of this attribute has proceeded the world and all that man comes in contact with.

We are most ready, therefore, to say with the Theosophist:

"Every tree is a materialized or externalized idea; every flower, a sculptured poem; every appearance of form, a passing from Infinite Ideation into finite expression, through finite limitations."But how does it leave the Theosophist?

Their god is not a god of ideation.

By their own definition he, or rather it, is attributeless.

It cannot think, hence it cannot form plans, nor execute them.

How can a being, who is the universe, all in all—who is mountain, lake, tree, man, and pure space alike, and who is at the same time, all of these, yet none of these—how can such a being be said to think?

Theosophists are right in denying all attributes to the god they worship.

They would perhaps reply: "While the absolute cannot be said to think, it is thought; while it cannot make a *J. A. Anderson, M, D.. F. T. S.—Reincarnation.

See Introduction.

THEOSi >/'//) AND MORMOMS M plan, it is the infinite and perfect plan."This answer is applicable only to a universe absolutely at rest.

A universe in motion, such as ours, implies an evolution; this again implies constant change; but as change is the direct result of ideation, it implies a being capable of ideation in short, an architect—one who not only projects a world, and its destiny, in bold outlines, but who, calling to his aid, all the forces in the universe, modifies, sub-plans and executes, step by step, here differentiating, there unifying, until the bold outline is filled in;

until organization has taken the place of chaos.

As regards the ultimate completion of the original plan, it might be said of such a being "Known unto God are all his works from the beginning to the end.

That is, no exigency can arise in the executing of His plan that He will not be equal for.

Having all the forces of the universe at His command, it is only a question of the proper adjustment of factors, to make the result appear as planned.

What then are the so-called failures in nature?

They signify merely a change in the modus operandi of Deity, not a failure.

A retreat of one army may be interpreted as cowardice by the other, when as a matter of fact it may be an act of admirable prudence and skillful generalship.

No one can say of any movement in nature or religion, "It is a failure."Was it a failure on the part of God, when His chosen people were scattered to the four quarters of the world and obliterated as a nation?

So it must have seemed to the infidels of that day.

Yet it proved and will prove the leavening of humanity.

It is through just such failures that the original design and destiny of this world is being worked out.

One thing is most certain, it is no blind, fortuitous force which is working behind nature.

Intelligent supervision there must be at every step in all the movements of the universe from the structural changes of the amoeba to the harmonious revolutions of suns and planets.

What is the nature of this supervision?

Let us suppose ourselves following microscopically the growth and development of embryo man.

Starting from a single cell, the merest speck of fertilized protoplasm growth takes place by the accretion of new cells, the original cell dividing and subdividing and each subsequent cell extending outward by divisions in the same way until the complete body is formed.

This work is not completed at birth, but goes on to maturity.

Wherever there is growth, either in body or brain, it is certain that new cells are being formed.

Nor is this cell formation concerned with growth alone.

Cells are worn out and broken by every exertion of mind and body be it nothing more than the automatic movement of respiration and circulation.

These cells must be replaced by new material and the debris resulting from the breaking must be eliminated from the system.

Thus every seven years, as physiologists tell us, every cell in the tody is renewed.

Now, between the protoplasmic speck that is the nucleus of the physical man, and the protoplasmic speck that forms the starting-point of any other animal, there is no difference discoverable by the highest power of the microscope.

Why, then, should the speck develop into the God-like form of the human being, in one case, and into the loathsome form of the reptile in another?

Intelligent supervision is the only answer possible.

The other day, in Salt Lake City, I came across a funny little house, as cramped and stuffy as some human bodies.

But it was the material rather than the form, that engaged my attention.

"Why,"said I, "this is the same kind of granite as that out of which, the

THEOSOPHY AND MORMONISM.

magnificent Temple is constructed, and yet what a gap there is between the two buildings 'What caused the difference?

Intellige?it supervision.

If, say the followers of Darwin, the human embryo could be observed evolving aside from its human connection, it would puzzle observers to know just what would be the final result.

Their first judgment would be:

"It will bearish;"but ere long this would be seen to be impossible for new characteristics, those of the reptile, next manifest themselves.

Observers would, however, not long remain in doubt upon this point, for mammalian characteristics now show themselves;

but it would still be uncertain whether the result is to be a biped or a quadruped.

At length this doubt, too, is resolved, and there remains only the question, what kind of biped, monkey or man.

Lastly the human characteristics become pronounced, and doubt is no longer possible.

''Thus, says the evolutionist, "does nature tell the story of the descent of man.

Now, in the first place, I do not know that observers under such circumstances would see any such things.

I can readily believe that if they were followers of Darwin, they might see them, owing to the wellknown fact that each man, looking upon the movement of complex phenomena, sees what he wants to see, and nothing else.

But even granting that such are the stages in the growth of the homunculus, it does not, by any means follow, that man has changed his species a thousand times, more or less, in reaching his present development.

It will be agreed that nothing presents more apparent complexity than the machines of all kinds which do the work of mankind.

Yet, all this intricacy is reducible to two or three simple, mechanical principles.

In like manner, from unity God secures variety;

that is to say, in each successive creation of species, He carefully used as a basis, whatever principles of construction could be so used from former creations.

But must we conclude, that because man has a backbone, in common with the fish, that he therefore descended from the fish?

Now take into account the factor ignored by material evolutionists, viz., that all things are created spiritually before they appear naturally;

that nothing can take shape physically, save as it is built, molecule by molecule, upon a spiritual pattern.

Place this thought in connection with the other and ask again; Why does the protoplasmic speck in one case become a man, and in another a fish, a reptile, a bird or a beast?

Because intelligent supervision is there in the shape of a spirit directing the growth of every cell that goes to make up the complete body.

So, too, when a physical cell is worn out and breaks, its spiritual counterpart—modified as it has been by its mortal experience—remains for the new cell to be built upon.

Were it not so we should constantly change, not only beyond the recognition of our friends, but beyond the recognition of ourselves, for selfrecognition depends upon memory, and memory, or at least recollection, upon the permanency of physical modifications, either of brain or body.

This apparent digression upon material evolution is made necessary by the fact that I am now about to speak of the spiritual evolution of

Theosophv; an evolution so sweeping and universal that Darwin's theories compared with it sink to the insignificance of one leaf on a tree.

This evolution'begins with the proposition; "Everything in the universe is, was, or prepares to become, a man."The proposition implies three general states of the universe, viz.:

(1) that which is below the plane of man;

(2) the plane of man;

(3) that which is above the plane of man.

We begin with the plane below man.

rilEOSOI'HY AND MORMONISM.

According to Thcosophy man, although belonging to the animal kingdom by reason of a mortal body and an animal soul in common with all animals, is yet distinct from it by the possession of a rational and spiritual soul.

Animal souls are almost infinitely graded in degree of development.

At a certain stage, which the man-animal soul has reached, they are fitted for union with the higher, the rational and spiritual or eternal soul, which is a direct creation of the Logos.

The souls of monkeys will gradually reach the stage—perhaps after the next Pralaya—when eternal souls will be united with them, that is, they will become men, until which time they will not be able to say, "I am I;"and then other animals will have reached the stage ofmonkeydom.

Thus do the souls of animals move upward.

Below the animal kingdom is the vegetable kingdom.

Here, too, then* is an almost infinite variation in development.

But the souls of all plants are fitting themselves to become animals, after the next Pralaya.

Next comes the mineral kingdom.

Minerals are also infinitely graded in development, from that highly organized form which can scarcely be distinguished from the lowest plants, down to the meanest, unspiritual clod that exists.

These all have souls, some of them well along in the evolutionary cycle of being.

These in time will become plants, then animals, then man, then.

All these organisms below man have consciousness, but not self-consciousness.

They pass through experiences which develop them toward sentiency.

Dissolution of the organisms, as, for instance, the death of plants and animals, and the chemical changes of minerals, sets the spiritual entities free.

But these entities do not long remain free.

They combine at once with their kind;

that is, they get new physical organisms.

This process is called re-incarnation.

Chemical affinity, crystallization, co- hesion, solution, fusion, sublimation, are some of the vague terms used to describe the life manifested in the socalled inorganic world.

In the vegetable, germination, growth, fruition, decay, are the vague descriptive terms which science applies to the ebb and flow of spiritual life which re-incarnates in plants regularly with the movements of the seasons.

In like manner birth, growth, and death in the animal creation are but animal rebirths which have taken place without cessation during cycles of unthinkable periods of time.

Part of the evolution of the animal soul, is its gradual individualization.

In the mineral and vegetable and the lower grades of animal existence, spirit or consciousness, adapts itself, ocean-like, to almost any shape or form.

But in the higher animals, individualization hastens, and in man, it has been carried to such an extent that the animal-soul reincarnates only in connection with the return of the eternal soul, with which it has been joined;

which process according to Theosophy, takes a period of from ten to fifteen centuries.

But I can readily believe that the reader is mystified by this reference to animal soul, and spiritual or eternal soul, in the same human being.

I cannot stop here to explain this mystery, but shall devote the whole of my next paper to Reincarnation, when this teaching will be made clear.

To understand its present bearing, conceive a man living by the same life-principle which actuates, say the monkev; this would be the man with merely an animal soul;

selfish, irrational, responding only to his instincts and appetites.

Conceive as added to this animal, the Godlike soul—an emanation from the Absolute—which reasons and spiritualizes, feels the altruistic and cosmic emotions, and can say, "I am I"—and you have roughly the Theosophic idea of man.

Such then is the Buddhic idea of

THEOSOPHY AND MORMONISM.

the evolution of the animal man.

It swallows up the whole of Darwin's speculations as a well does a pebble, but looks at the process from a spiritual or behind-the-scenes point of view.

It is not the descent but the ascent of man with which this philosophy grapples—his ascent from the condition of the very cobble stones which he kicks out of his path.

But whence comes the rational part ofman, the higher Ego, as Theosophists call it?

The reader will have to wait for the answer to this question.

This evolution, which as before stated is summed up in the proposition that "everything in the universe is, was, or prepares to become a man,"began the last time at the dawn of the present Manvantara.

"The last time?"you are ready to ask.

Yes, for it has had an infinite number of other beginnings.

When the last Manvantara closed, Matter was in every stage of development just as it will be at the close of this one.

When the last universal night set in, Force was stilled, and

Matter dissolved,—slept, as it were, in the arms of Spirit.

But when the long sleep was over, Spirit and Matter awakened with the same affinities with which they fell asleep, and the work of evolution was taken up, just where it was abandoned when the awful hour of Pralaya struck through the reverberating deep.

And this will be the case forever.

On the lower side of this evolution, pure Spirit or Consciousness, becoming entangled with Matter, exists foi eons as stones, then evolves to plants, then to animals, then to man, and after countless re-births as man, becomes at last etherealized—ready to enter Nirvana, and be swallowed up in the Infinite again as pure Spirit, only to begin the cycle anew.

I can scarcely refrain my comments on this philosophy till the proper time.

One other aspect I must touch before I close this paper.

In this evolution, by the very showing of Theosophy, intelligent supervision is needed at every step and yet this philosophy as before pointed out, denies such powers to God.

The difficulty is fairly felt by Theosophists and this is how they meet it:

"Theosophy,"says Dr.

Anderson, "accepts the matter of science, and its force and motion also;

but it avers, most uncompromisingly, that the former is molded and shaped by the latter through a third eternal predicate, Intelligence under the aspect of consciousness or Ideation.

Hence, when one great rythm of the universe has expended its original impetus in a manvantaric objectivization, and has returned into the silence and darkness of non-being, until again at the initial moment of another outward flow of the never ceasing motion—at this point intelligent beings assume control, and by ideative will guide the vibrations of the eternal motion so that matter capable of exhibiting form appears as a consequence.* Subba Row, a Brahmin quoted by

Anderson, says "Now this Parabrahman, or Causeless

Cause, which exists before all things in the Cosmos, is the one essence from which starts into existence a center of energy called the Logos.

In almost every doctrine is formulated the existence of a center of spiritual energy which is unborn and eternal, and which exists in a latent condition in the bosom of the Causeless Cause at the time of Pralaya, and starts as a center of conscious energy at the time of cosmic activity.

It is the first Ego in the Cosmos, and every other Ego and every other self [i.

e. you and I and all mankind] is but its reflection or manifestation It must not be supposed that the Logos is but a single center of energy which is manifested by Prabrahman, or the

Causeless Cause.

There are numerous others.

Their number is almost infinite."* Re-incarnation, p. 50.

/ ///:< >S< )/>//>'A,\'/) MORMONISM "That is to say,"comments Dr.

Anderson, "the first conscious beings in the universe awaken to self-consciousness to find themselves in material forms or vehicles precisely as we waken to consciousness to find ourselves encased in these physical bodies. We know that our T is not the same as the matter which clothes it; similarly the Logoi [plural of Logos] know that the 'root'of matter which clothes them is only a clothing; and what is the real nature and essence of that Causeless Cause, which calls into objective existence both the T of the Logoi and their material base, is as unknowable to the great and primal Ideation expressed in those First Logoi as is the source of T and its physical vehicle to us.""The Matter of the universe,"says the same writer, "is a whole which cannot be added to nor taken from;

consciousness is likewise a whole, incapable of addition to or subtraction from.

The relation of the one to the other is, as already pointed out, all that falls under the law of evolution;

the real essence of both remains forever untouched, resting in the bosom of the Causeless

Cause.

This does not bar from our consideration intelligent supervision over the evolutionary impulse by those high creative Logoi above referred to.

It is only necessary that these creative beings should act in conformity to those few primal and underlying laws which apparent!) limit the Absolute itself, of which the law of cycles, the law of Karma, and the law of infinite unity rendered manifest by infinite diversity or variation, are examples.

The T in a man can and does take control of his body, for instance, and transport it wheresoever it pleases so long as it acts in accordance with the underlying and basic laws of mechanics and gravitation pertaining to this plane.

Man can also take matter and transform it into any shape or transport it to any place, if he keeps within the samebounds, or within his possible as distinguished from his impossible.

In like manner these first great Logoi can fashion worlds, and even sentient beings, in any manner they see fitting so long as they do not attempt to transcend their impossible, or those absolute limitations pointed out above."Thus in spite of the ridicule which they attempt to heap upon the extracosmic God of Christianity, Theosophists are driven by the necessities of reason to postulate as the immediate cause of the manifested universe just such an extra-cosmic or individualized being, which they call the Logos, plural Logoi.

So.

it is through the creative power inherent in these Logoi, that lower Egos, such as man, are called into being.

Barring the manner in which this Logos, and subsequently the Ego of man, spring into being, which I shall fully discuss in my next paper, have Theosophists brought forward anything new?

Is not this the way in which Christianity or at least Mormonism accounts for the material increase?

Of course the names differ.

But instead of the creative Logoi, place the Elohim of the inspired translation of Genesis, and instead of the Logos who must supervise our own solar Cosmos, place the God of Abraham, Isaac, and

Jacob.

For the "sentient beings"which the Logos can create at will, place the divine offspring with which our Father in Heaven peoples His worlds—and have we not a parallel which shows that so far from the Bible theology being a re-vamp of Buddhic philosophy, the latter is, on the contrary, a nucleus of Bible truths—perhaps imparted by Noah or Shem to the emigrating Hindoos round which the metaphysical speculations of minds rampant because unguided by the spirit of truth, have so clustered and piled up as almost to bury from sight and recognition the original revelation.

A GOOD WORD FOR WIVES.

Dr.

Anderson, who is evidently a hater of Christianity, seems chagrined by this parallel which so plainly supports

Bible revelation, for he closes the passage quoted above with this bravado fling:

"And this working in harmony with and under the direction of this original impress of the first Logoi, by intelligent, sentient, yet relatively lower beings, representing of necessity infinite degrees and grades of intelligence, is the true source of that muchharped on 'design'which Christians assume as indubitable evidence of the existence of their personal Jehova."*

Exactly so, it is just such an arrangment which is the true source of the "much-harped-on design"manifested in all the works of creation.

And Jehovah is the "Logos"who, in connection with ''intelligent, sentient yet relatively lower beings,"is taking care of our part of the universe, ourselves included, and gradually working it out according to His inscrutable design.

N. L. Nelson.

A GOOD WORD FOR WIVES.

It is astonishing how many old sayings there are against wives.

You find nineteen to the dozen of them.

The men, years ago, showed the rough side of their tongues whenever they spoke of their wives.

Some ofthese sayings are shocking, as, for instance, "Every man has two good days with his wife.

'The day he marries her and the day he buries her.'"I recollect an old ballad that Gaffer Brooks used to sing, about a man's better hung than married.

It shows how common it was to abuse the married life.

It is almost too bad for insertion, but here it is:

There was a victim in a cart, One day for to be hanged, And his reprieve was granted And the cart was made to stand.

"Come marry a wife and save your life,"

The judge aloud did cry, *Re-incarnation, p. 54.

"Oh, why should I corrupt my life,"The victim did reply;

"For here's a crowd of every sort, And why should I spoil their sport The bargain's bad in every part,

The wife's the worst—drive on the cart."

Now this rubbish does not prove that the women are bad, but that their husbands are good for nothing, or they would not make up such abominable slanders about their wives.

The rottenest bough always snaps first, and it looks like the male side of the house was the worst of the two, for it has made up the most grumbling proverbs.

There have no doubt been some shockingly bad wives in the world, who have been provoking enough to make a man say:

"If a woman were as little as she is good, A pea shell would make her a gown and hood."

But how many thousands have there been of true helpmeets, worth their weight in gold!

There is only one Job's wife mentioned in the Bible and one Jezebel, but there is no end of Sarahs and Rebekahs.

I am of Solomon's mind, as a rule "he that findeth a wife findeth a good thing."It is much to the credit of women that there are but few sayings against husbands, although, in this case, sauce for the goose would make capital soup for fhe gander.

A true wife is her husband's better half, his lump of delight, his flower of beauty, his guardian angel, his heart's pleasure.

He says to her, "I shall in thee most happy be."In her company he finds his earthly heaven; she is the light of his home, the comfort of this soul and for this world, the soul of his comfort.

Whatever fortune God may send him, he is rich so long as she lives.

His rib is the best bone in his body.

And in conclusion let me say:

Heaven bless the wives, they fill our lives With little bees and honey!

They soothe life's shocks, they mend our socks,

But—don't they spend the money!

MS. Paper,

Y. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

The General Annual Conference of the Young- Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the

Latter-day Saints, opened in the Assembly Hall,

Salt Lake City, Utah, Saturday, June 8th, 1895, at ten o'clock a.m.

The opening meeting was a special one for officers of the Associations and Counselor Joseph F. Smith presided.

Singing,"Come all ye sons ofZion."

Prayer by Thomas Hull.

Singing, "Our God, we raise to Thee."The roll of stakes was called and there were representatives from the following Stakes: Box Elder, Cache,

Davis, Juab, Morgan, Malad, Salt Lake, Sanpete, Sevier, San Luis, Utah, Wasatch and Weber.

The minutes of a special officers'meeting held April 5, 1895, were read and approved.

Assistant George H. Brimhall advised a clear, comprehensive, economical use of the time in the officers'meeting, for the greatest possible benefit of those whom the officers represented.

Counselor Joseph F. Smith commented upon the fact that very few of the officers were present, expressing regret at the lack of effort to attend.

He read the statement of the general secretary, to the effect that on account of fifteen stakes not having furnished their statistical reports, the secretary's official report could not be presented, expressing his disappointment at this.

The discouragement attending the labors of members of the General Superintendency and some of the assistants, on account of a multiplicity of other duties was referred to with deep regret.

He urged as a general principle that any officer who cannot attend to his duties should be replaced by one who can.

He referred to the Contributor as the organ of the M.

I.

A.

, and stated that that publication was not paying its expenses.

He also expressed the opinion that the young men did not take sufficient interest in the magazine, by way of contributing their thoughts to it, and urging others to do likewise, and to increase its circulation.

The matter of continuing the M.

I.

A.

normal work in the Church Schools, was referred to, and the question started as to whether the work was accomplishing enough good to pay for its continuance.

The treasurer, William S. Burton, presented his report, stating by way of preliminary that the greatest regularity should be observed in sending the money to the proper officers, that regular receipts may be issued.

It was suggested that receipt books be provided for all the associations for the proper keeping of accounts of payments made to M.

I. General Fund.

M. H. Hardy moved that a committee of two be appointed to act in conjunction with the general treasurer in selecting a form of receipt for uniform use.

Joseph H.

Felt and D.

M. Todd were chosen as such committee.

In answer to a question, Joseph F. Smith suggested that Stake officers be set apart by the Stake presidency, and ward officers by the bishops.

Singing, "The time is far spent."Benediction.

SATURDAY, 2 P.M.

Singing by the Tabernacle choir, "Glory to God on high."Prayer by Elder Seymour B.

Young.

Singing, "Truth reflects upon our senses."Elder D. M. Todd spoke on "The

Tobacco Habit;"treating it from the scientific standpoint, then upon its effect on the conduct of others, and also upon the fact that those who indulge in the habit, wilfully break the law of God.

The choir sang the hymn, "Guide us, O, thou great Jehovah."

V. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

Elder George H.

Brimhall spoke on M.

I. home preparations.

Singing, "Light and Truth,"Benediction by President Angus M. Cannon.

SATURDAY, 8 P.M.

Singing by Tabernacle Choir, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers.

Prayer by Elder Willard Done.

Singing, "Lord, Thou wilt hear me when I pray."Dr. Karl G.'Maeser spoke on the subject:

"Helps in Government."He said there are governments spiritual as well as temporal.

A perfect government was not in existence.

It was to be found in the heart first, and to be developed through revelation to a perfect fullness.

It was embryotic in the Church of Christ.

There had been counterfeits or imitations of this government at different times, but all of them were transitory.

It was only to be developed into perfection and eternal endurance by the beautiful order of the priesthood.

The spirit of this government must be felt before it can be attained.

Each individual must feel and understand for himself.

It must come from within, not from without.

Unless one feels that spirit, he cannot impress it upon others.

He spoke of the necessity of everything in the M.

I. A. and elsewhere being done after the pattern of the priesthood, which is of perfect order and eternal life—the life of the Spirit of God;

of the uninterrupted communication necessary between the heart and God, and the mutual confidence required between man and man.

Officers should lead and ask others to follow.

Neither leading or following can be done by man alone, without the Spirit of God, which is the greatest help in government.

Each must help not hinder all others.

Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet."Benediction by Elder W.

S. Burton.

SUNDAY IO A. M.

Choir sang hymn, "What was witnessed in the Heavens."Prayer.

Choir sang hymn, "Come dearest

Lord, descend and dwell,"etc.

Counselor Moses Thatcher delivered the following discourse:

During the recent months I have avoided concentration of mind upon any given subject.

In other words, I have sought to rest not only the body, but the mind as well; and I find by experience and observation, that the faculties of the mind are not unlike the different functions of the body, both requiring exercise in order to give them strength.

The athlete who expects to perform well on the field of contest, adapts his training and the care of his health under established rules.

So where we do not think intensely, or practice concentration of thought, the mind is apt to indicate the consequences.

When we speak of the powers of memory, we mean that the clear thinker is a hard worker.

Thus in the literary field, it is said "hard writing, easy reading; easy writing, hard reading.

We often hear it said by young people, that they have not the language with which to express their thoughts as they would like to.

But thorough examination will convince most people that it is not at all the lack of language that creates the difficulty but the lack consists, largely, in powers of concentration, and in not having the thoughts well formed.

Verv crude language may be used, and it may be indifferently spoken, but if I am familiar with any subject, thoroughly understanding it, I will be able to convey, without much difficulty, its meaning to the intelligence of others.

Where the thought is not well defined, and the mind is not well focussed.

it may be explained that the difficulty arises in conveying it to others because the thought is not clear in him who undertakes to explain it.

The efficiency and success

Y. M. M

I. A. ANNUAL CONl'llR I'.NCl:.

of the Elders in preaching the Gospel of the Son of God, lies in the fact that they understand it.

Their souls have espoused those principles of equity, justice and righteousness, and they fully understand their beauty as laid down by the Master of masters, our Lord and Savior Jesus

Christ.

The very simplicity of the language used by Him made those glorious truths as forceful, and as deeply profound to the minds of those who were called ignorant, as to the minds of those who were classed among the educated.

Thus as members of Mutual Improvement

Associations, it would be well for each of us to read nothing lightly.

In this respect the modern practice of hastily glancing over newspapers has a very injurious effect upon the memory; because we read but for the moment.

We are often astounded at the exhibition of prodigious memory on the part of the few, but when we come to look into the methods by which they have acquired that wonderful degree of mind, with its strength of memory to retain, we find that they are close students;

that they weigh every word and assimilate every thought which they care to remember.

They feed on knowledge, whether uttered in their hearing or read from manuscript or irom printed books.

The memory day by day strengthens as judiciously exercised, just as do the functions of the body under scientific training.

Upon this point I would desire to direct the attention of young men.

While the institutions of learning as conducted throughout Christendom have largely proven ineffectual so far as the development of perfect harmony of the physical, mental and spiritual attributes of the human organism are concerned, it has recently come to be understood that no person can be expert, or even proficient, who seeks to train the mind in all the vast fields of diversified knowledge.

So that while the training of all the faculties necessary to the health of the soul and of the intellect and body are requisite, if we would become proficienl as instructors, or if we would reach the heights to which others have climbed, we must choose some branch of learning and largely confine our efforts along the lines leading to the highest degree of knowledge in that direction.

The trouble in the institutions of learning among Christian nations has been, the faculties of the mind have often been too well developed, while the heart and soul have been neglected; the results have shown that many of our most noted institutions of learning have turned out intellectual giants but moral pigmies.

The better education is that which takes into consideration the training of the head, the heart and the hand, so that each may be in perfect harmony with the other.

It has been said by a wise sage that "we may not pervent the birds from flying over our heads, but we can prevent them from building nests in our hair.

Nor is it an impossibility to control, largely, the thoughts that enter the heart or, soul, any more than it is impossible to control the acts of the body; and among us, it is especially required that "the spirit of the prophets shall be subject to the prophets. "If that is true, then we may lay a foundation upon which by care, humility and prayer, we can erect a structure of thought that shall bring no reproach upon the thinker, but one that shall tend to purify not only the mind, but the body as well.

But careless, indifferent reading of even good books, will not greatly aid the accomplishment of that desired object.

In our desire for knowledge we would like to behold the faces of the great men of the earth, we would like to hear their voices; and if there is wisdom in what they say, we might wish to retain it in memory, the storehouse ot the mind.

That would be proper but how frequently has it occurred to us that the ordinary rulers—king, queen, emperor or presi-

Y. M. M.

I. A ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

dent, are not apt to express their best thoughts in hotel lobbies, in private apartments, or at a banquet.

The best thoughts of men have usually been written not with ease but with care.

Ponder over the writings of the historian Carlyle.

He has written many volumes, and while not claiming ability to criticise such authors,

I would say without hesitancy that there is a great deal of chaff among the sound and perfect wheat of his garnering.

Ruskin, one of the foremost poets and thinkers, possibly, of our day, can be said to have embodied altogether the best thoughts of his mind in a very small volume; and yet the complete works of Ruskin, on;art, architecture, science, beauty and religion, compose eleven quite considerable volumes.

Spencer, Mills and Huxley have recorded much that appears to me of little value, but each have written things of great moment, and while not intended, each has recorded thoughts calculated in my view to strengthen faith in the Deity and in the religion of Jesus Christ.

We sometimes hear young men, in passing their opinions on a book they have read, express a liking for the work because it expressed just what they had thought; and contained the same opinion which had become fixed in them; and they for that reason declare the work meritorious.

The best books I have read have been written by men who did not think as I thought, but opened up new fields, by delving into the very ethics of the subject upon which they treated, and spent weary hours in polishing a jewel when found, but at no time in their writing expressing the thought that the polish was of greater value than the jewel itself.

The history ol the past may also mirror the best thoughts of the present; and a series of mirrors may reflect the best thought of the past, present and future ages.

But no student of Zion should be ignorant of the fact, that progress along the lines of higher civilization and of purer religion cannot be accomplished in this bright world unless there shall be an increase of faith and ability to believe in a Supreme Being—matchless, infinite and faultless.

A faithless nation never yet accomplished anything worthy to be preserved upon the pages of history, either in war, statesmanship or religion.

God our Heavenly Father, who created the heavens and the earth, and the fountains of water, may pass for a time unnoticed and unrebuked our carelessness, indifference, and even idolatry, so long as we err thoughtlessly and ignorantly.

I am profoundly impressed with the thought that He is moved with compassion and pity for the ignorant.

But when we come knowingly to give ourselves to idolatrous worship, pronouncing images made by the hands of men, and formed from wood, wax or stone, while knowing better, then we have a class of idolatry that is self-deceiving and therefore ruinous to the best emotions of the soul.

Largely that is the condition of the Christian world today.

They teach that which they do not believe, and the precepts of men they palm off for the doctrines of Christ.

Here in these mountains we have gathered the youth of Zion from the various parts ot the habitable world, and from the spirit world; we thus have the nucleus of a new growth, the foundation of which must be laid in those powers which are not confined to this world, but extend to the whole universe.

Faith, the first principle of the Gospel and the best gift of God our Father to His children, being the key of knowledge, which is the source of life.

In the development of true belief, we discover the higher characteristics of true education, in the acquirement of which we should look with care to the class of books we read, and we must be careful of how we read them.

I believe that we are on the very threshold ol a period when prophets, as well as poets, will become more numerous

<>3o )'. M.

M.

I.

A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

than they have been.

I believe we are not. far from a period when all Saints, from the inmost depth of their hearts, will repeat the saying of the ancient sage:

"Would that all Israel were prophets."We need the spirit of prophecy which is not a testimony of the divinity of Christ and His mission, but is also a discerner of things with which we are surrounded, possessing the power of just and keen criticism—if you will allow me to use the term, which shall easily separate the tares that are mixed with the wheat, and while rejecting evil holds fast to all good.

I need not recommend to the youth of Zion a careful reading of the scriptures.

That, I take it, they have done already. The Bible, the old and the new testaments, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of Great Price, and the sayings of the servants of God recorded in the Journal of Discourses, are not to be read lightly.

We are not to suppose that we can easily fathom the expressions of the Spirit, while finding it difficult to comprehend the thoughts of wise men. We cannot read revelation as we read the words of fiction.

We should have some comprehension of the conditions under which expressions were uttered, of the style of government under which the people lived to whom they were uttered.

The weightier things of God, upon which we look as the anchors of the soul, should be reflected upon from every conceivable standpoint.

And while, as members of the Mutual Improvement Association, we are undergoing this system of training, judgment should be turned inward, and not outward.

Each day we should be able to weigh with impartial judgment, as far as that may be possible, what we have done, what we have said—regarding the force ofexample, as being more effective as a means of education than precept can possibly be.

Weigh the saying, "Let there be light and there was light."

That may be flippantly thrown from the lips, and it may carry no weight to the mind;

but when you come to comprehend the power, the vastness of reach to be within the grasp of Him whose words the universe obeyed, then you have a faint idea of the limitless power of Him who uttered those words.

And in that othersaying, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."When we reflect upon profound sayings of that nature, having relation not only t® time, but to eternity, we begin to understand in part the means through which Mormonism has startled the world.

How barren, how unsatisfactory, the world's comprehension of the hereafter is! What do our Christian friends know respecting those bonds that are not broken in time or in eternity, as to the redemption of the soul, the repentance of spirits beyond the grave, eternal love reaching after every child of the great God, until every opportunity shall be afforded to all desiring the highest degree of intelligence, exaltation, power, glory, and happiness?

To us have been revealed unions that bind husbands and wives, fathers, mothers and children, not alone for time, but throughout the endless ages of eternity.

The keys of endless lives have been given to this people, without money, and to some they seemed of little value, even by socalled Latter-day Saints.

I would, therefore, beseech members of the Mutual Improvement Association, to review the past, to prepare themselves for future examination, by starting at the first principles of the Gospel, calling to memory those sacred doctrines which once were understood and frequently enunciated, that they may have a renewed weight upon the heart and mind;

for we cannot close our eyes to the fact that while we hope our organizations may be the means of converting many people who come to these mountain

Y. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

valleys, they also hope to make converts from the Latter-day

Saints.

Advanced institutions of learning now recognize what is called the finer forces;

and they expatiate learnedly about the efficacy of heat, light and color.

Scientifically they tell of magnetic principles, which have long been among the greatest blessings God has conferred upon us as a people.

They tell us that magnetism is conveyed from one being to another, that starts anew the springs of life.

The Savior asked who had touched Him;

virtue had departed out of Him.

That was the key which unlocked healing powers. God has taught us to drink at the fountain;

fallen dry leaves from the tree of life are the pickings of the nations.

God gave to us freely, without money and without price.

There are scores among us who have seen most marvelous cures effected among the people, and they were not called the effects of Christian Science, or of magnetism, or of hypnotism, or of any of those modern so-called advanced ideas, which, so far as known, are simply fragments of that healthy, pure and holy endowment that came as the handmaiden of God's holy priesthood when restored in this age.

Yet many of our young people are devoting years of diligent study, hoping to mount the ladder of fame to its topmost rounds.

When they learn all that is known in the institutions of learning of Europe and America, what will they have gained?

Well, some of them will learn that certain bright so-called philosophers have failed to find the missing link between the ape creation and God's highest handiwork, man, whom He created in His own image.

But the link must be found, so they devote health and wealth looking for what never existed, but never comprehend that wise saying, "Man, know thyself."Why not commence to study that which was the latest, and the most perfect handiwork of the Creator?

I do not decry education as such, and while I believe ambition to be a trait that ought not to be curtailed in youth, indeed, I have very largely modified my estimation of egotism itself.

I once regarded young men who seemed vain and egotistic and superficial with a decree of distrust, but more recent years, and the trials, tribulations and experiences of those years have convinced me that a man needs to start out in youth with a large supply of self-conceit;

for unless he does, the attritions of life will take all conceit so thoroughly out ol him before he is sixty years of age that he will become a cynic, than that it would be better to continue the battle of life in the gratification of so-called ambition.

A degree oi laudable ambition is not to be condemned.

But in holding this idea before you, my young friends, I would have you grasp the substance and as few shadows as possible.

Having a steady hand, guided by an unerring eye, hold to the substance of truth, of religion, of God, and ot yourselves.

Avoid delusions and the errors of modern societies.

That education which permits the daughter, full of the bloom of health, to run her flexible fingers over the keys of the piano while her mother is bending her tired back over the washtub, cannot be justly commended.

The training which induces the boys of Utah to seek a living in the so-called professions while their fathers are earning that which they eat and wear by following the plow, is not the system that I could conscientiously advocate.

I do not believe that God meant to announce that which was intended to be a curse upon humanity, when he told our first parents that they should earn their bread by the sweat of their brows.

I am rather a believer in the efficacy of sweat.

I do not believe that the physical organism can enjoy that health and tone of body necessary to the development of bright and pure minds, unless there is sufficient bodily exertion to free

)-. M.

M.

I.

A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE the system from accumulated poisons found everywhere in this world of ours.

I therefore urge the youth of Zion to do everything in their power to dignify labor, holding it as superior in every way to capital; for there had been no capital had there been no labor.

Labor is the creator of capital.

True religion founded upon knowledge is the progenitor of faith, and active faith becomes the key to progress, happiness and greatness.

We read of the marvelous accomplishments of Napoleon, and of Alexander—models in war;

then turn to the apostles of modern thought, and after we have sifted and thoroughly assimilated all we are able to learn of them, we return with hunger of soul to the glorious field of modern revelation, and the opening up of that perfect channel through which prayer is heard and answered.

We return as did the prodigal son, and gladly worship at the shrine of simplicity, around which gathers those blessings which God intended we should enjoy and extend to others.

I wish I was able to inspire in the minds of our youth a higher ideal than we seem to possess.

We revere the memory of the founder of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

We always thought him in life a great man, and at his funeral he was spoken of as the master mind, that had left its mark throughout the Territory, and wherever the Latter-day Saints dwell;

but the people of the world are coming forward now and outstripping us in the admiration of that great man.

I was not acquainted with the Prophet Joseph.

I only knew him through reading his prophecies and revelations, and through the testimonies of those with whom he lived, and who still live with us, to bless, cheer and guide us.

But to my mind, Brigham Young possessed the master mind that shaped largely the thought and work of this intermountain Territory.

To me he appeared as a matchless peak towering above its kind.

I know, however, how prone the human mind is to look backward to something that can never come again, or to lift up an ideal so far in the future, that we neglect greatness and goodness in life's daily experiences;

and while strewing flowers on the graves of the dead is a beautiful practice, and while

Memorial Day glorifies the "Blue and the Grey."and links us in tender thought to the departed, I have thought how refining and appropriate it would be if the Mutual Improvement Associations, as such, could learn to strew flowers beneath the feet of those who stagger under the loads we have imposed upon them, thus cheering and comforting them in their life's struggle.

I have never been inclined in any sense to man worship, or to believe that one man has accomplished anything that others might not have accomplished;

it has always been pleasing to me to revere age and to respect knowledge.

I have delighted in it.

I learned that lesson from the heathen philosopher Confucius, who declared that there could be no true worship of God where there was no respect for gray hairs.

Think, my young friends, of the honor conferred upon our organization by the

President of the Church presiding over it as superintendent. We should observe his suggestions, counsel and advice to us, and carry it out.

We are not justified in making his load heavy by being careless in regard to any of those counsels.

Shall we, my young friends, while holding in memory the founder of the Mutual Improvement Associations, forget his grand character now looming before the world?

In Salt Lake City, in San Francisco, in St.

Louis, in Chicago, in New York, wise men give him honor while worshiping at the shrine of his statesmanship and greatness;

shall we not, having had the honor of being organized by him during his lifetime, set an example worthy of imitation?

Shall we waste

V. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

our time carelessly in amusements in which there is no profit, in the exercise of the mind which does but weaken it, or shall we earnestly continue the work ol mutual improvement, and maintaining it, learn not only to judge others with an impartial judgment, but also to judge ourselves correctly?

Take that same great writer of whom I spoke a few minutes ago.

What did he find?

He had a wife that was very devoted to him.

He had been educated to place woman on an inferior plane.

He held it to be the duty of the wife to see that the slippers were well warmed before the glowing grate, to see that his food was ready and palatable.

She indeed was a helpmeet to him; but until she died, until the day he had laid her away in a quiet grave, possibly unmarked by scroll or board, he had not learned, until he picked up her daily journal and read the outsprings of her refined soul, that his wife possessed talent as a writer that he had not gained, for she by intuition reached heights it had required him years to climb. The intuition of soul possessed by that refined, faithful wife and mother was discovered after she passed away.

Let us make no mistake of that kind.

Let us appreciate those who work for us now, and may the blessings of the Almighty be upon the youth of Zion, that their part and portion may be of the fullness of health and strength of body and of vigor and inspiration of mind.

How long will it be before we are converted?

Not until every youth of Zion is ready to throw out, as he would throw out grains of sand, that necessary financial aid required in the details of this work.

I have said, and I say it again, that when a young man falls in love with a young woman, out from the best emotions of his heart come thoughts of her, and it grows and increases, until first and last is a disposition to please that young lady.

He thinks of the glove that will fit her hand;

the heart becomes such a keen judge that he 10 d gauges the size of her finger without having the hand there to fit the ring upon.

His judgment and taste become so quickened, that he knows in a moment the shade of ribbon that matches her complexion; and in all these thousand and one little details, he testifies of his affection, deep down in the heart, wnich he feels for that woman, that sweetheart of his, that helpmeet whom he would like to make the mother of his children.

Why does he do it?

Because his heart is engaged; and until the Mutual Improvement Associations fall in love with their work, as a young man falls in love with a young woman, I shall despair of its accomplishing what it ought to accomplish.

No man ever yet loved the Gospel and the truths of the Gospel, that the spirit of consecration was not in his heart; he wanted to give to others, to help along the glorious cause; and I say so long as it is an irksome task for the members of the Mutual Improvement Association to aid with a mere pittance per annum for the forwarding of this glorious work,

I cannot hope that it will accomplish its glorious mission.

I would not urge financial matters, I would have no man become an unwilling giver, for I do not believe that such can receive the best gifts of heaven.

But I would say to the members of this organization, that here is a great school, and within it you may learn glorious principles;

let us try to improve them.

I regret exceedingly that I have not been able to do my part, but my heart is with you in this work, and I would like to see my young friends prepared to meet the world on every question intelligently, affording light and knowledge wherever they go.

But above all things, I would like to think of the boys of Zinn as being as spotless as the snow on the mountains;

I would like to think of the daughters of Zion as being as pure as the angels of heaven.

Of you, my young friends, is required, the preservation of the

Y.

M. M.

I.

A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

chastity of our daughters and sisters.

God has placed upon us that requirement.

It is not for you to lead them into dangerous paths;

it is not lor you to leave them to be despoiled;

it is your duty, and you are under obligations to preserve them free and virtuous, pure and holy.

Any nation or people permitting the fountains of life to become contaminated, will die, as did Greece and Rome.

If we can keep the fountains of life pure, individuals may fall, but so long as the body politic is sound, there is hope for the future.

Amen.

Superintendent B.

S. Hinckley of the Utah Stake said he sensed the importance of his position in standing before the Conference.

It is an auspicious occasion.

Gathered together are the representatives of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations ot Zion.

It seems to me we have been born under most auspicious circumstances—circumstances designed to mature the greatest and purest people on earth.

How many there are who lay everything upon the altar, and put forth their best efforts lor our benefit!

Do what they may for us our salvation depends upon personal effort.

We have in Utah Stake a good organization, but I am a new worker and do not take any credit to myself.

While ours is the banner Stake of Zion, we have but forty-five percent of the elligible members in our associations.

Choir sang the hymn, "Though in the outward church below."Benediction by Elder W.

H.

Pettigrew.

SUNDAY, P. M.

After invocation President Wilford Woodruff spoke as follows:

Being a member of the Presidency of the Mutual Improvement Associations, as well as one of the First Presidency of the Church, I feel it not only my privilege but my duty to address this assembly as a society of young men and maidens, the rising generation of this community of people known by the world at large as Mormons.

The President of the Church has been referred to as the head of this organization.

The Lord in almost every age of the world has chosen weak and unlettered men to bear the

Priesthood, and He has chosen whomsoever He would in this day and time; and the only marvel I have is that He should have chosen so weak an instrument as I am to be the President of this, His Church.

But that is the business of the Lord and not mine.

Occupying the position that I do, and having passed my eighty-eighth year in the flesh, and living upon borrowed time, so to speak, I can have no reason to expect that I shall dwell a great while in your midst.

Therefore I feel in duty bound to give some counsel to the young men of Israel who are present today.

There has never been a generation of the sons of God upon this earth, from Father Adam down to this present hour, upon whose shoulders rested greater responsibility than rests upon the young men and maidens of Israel today; and il they were able to appreciate what their Creator requires at their hands and the responsibility resting upon them, it would not be said in this stand, as it has been said here today, that onehalf of the young men of certain wards were not connected with the Mutual Improvement Associations.

I feel very much gratified with the results of the labors of those who have worked and do work in the cause of mutual improvement, also those of our sisters who are connected with the Primary Associations.

Many of our aged sisters at first took hold of this work, and called the little children together, and taught them things of God, as their minds were able to comprehend them.

Among them was Sister Eliza R.

Snow, who labored in this

Y. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

63;

cause faithfully during the latter part of her life.

The Sunday Schools, too, are a very important institution in our Church.

President Young was moved upon in very early days to organize the Sabbath Schools in these valleys.

Many have labored faithfully to carry on the work, and others have taken hold of it, until we have today, I understand, almost a hundred thousand children belonging to the Sabbath Schools.

They are taught the Gospel of Christ, They are taught the duties of children to parents; the importance of their eschewing evil and ceasing from sin, and praying to God to keep them in the paths of virtue, holiness, righteousness and truth.

Then the young men and maidens of Zion have been organized into what has been termed Mutual Improvement Associations.

Too much importance cannot be attached to any of these organizations and their interests.

We look to the Mutual Improvement Associations for our Elders, for our missionaries.

We go to this body of young people, and take from them men to go into the vineyard of the Lord to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

Do our young men comprehend this?

I fear not, but many of them do, and many of them have entered upon this work.

And such are prepared from childhood to pray and obtain the Spirit and power of God, the Holy Ghost, the revelations of heaven, enabling them to go forth, bearing the holy Priesthood to warn the world, convert the honest in heart and gather them to Zion to prepare them for the coming of the Son of Man.

Upon your shoulders, young men of Israel, rests this duty today.

Your fathers are passing away.

Joseph Smith laid the foundation of this Church.

He lived but a short time.

Like the Savior he died a martyr.

He lived but a little longer than the Savior did.

Jesus labored only three years and a half after entering upon the active duties ofthe ministry.

Joseph labored in his mission some fourteen years, I believe.

He stood at the head of this dispensation.

His spirit was kept in the spirit world to tabernacle in the flesh in fulfillment of promises to Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph and Ephraim.

Through their posterity he came forth and laid the foundation of this Church, and organized it in all its beauty and power and glory and strength and Priesthood, by the authority of God.

I do not know how many there are in this house who knew him, but there are some who were acquainted with him for years.

Before he was called away he organized the Church of God with prophets, apostles, teachers, gifts, helps and governments, and there were given unto him, and by him sealed upon the heads of the Apostles and Elders of Israel the holy Priesthood, the apostleship, the keys of the kingdom of God; and these Apostles were commanded of God to round up their shoulders and bear off this kingdom or they would be damned.

I am now the only man living in the flesh who was present when that communication was given to us.

My presence with you must necessarily be limited.

I cannot stay a great while longer, and don't expect to;

but I know it is my duty to do what I can in laying before the rising generation their duties.

I am especially anxious that our young people should sense the great responsibility that must sooner or later rest upon them; and that they should bear in mind the fact that they were kept in the spirit world thousands of years to come through the loins of the ancient patriarchs and prophets in our own age and generation for the very purpose of carrying on this great latter-day work.

God called upon us and He will call upon you and our posterity after us, to rise and warn the generations in which they live;

to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ to the nations of the earth that their gar-

Y. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

ments may be free of the blood of all men, when the judgments of God overtake the wicked, as they will, and as they have overtaken the wicked in generations that are past and gone.

Who else, I ask, does the God of Israel, do the heavenly hosts, look to to carry on this great and mighty work, but to you who are the sons and daughters ol the men to whom He has revealed Himself;

you who, too, have entered into sacred covenants with Him; you who are the descendants of the noble men of old to whom God made great and glorious promises?

And if you do not do your duty in these things, you will certainly come under condemnation.

Let me refer you to the testimony of Enoch as given to us in the Pearl of Great Price.

Speaking of the disobedient who rejected the Gospel taught by Noah, Enoch says that ''the God of heaven looked upon the residue of the people and wept;"and

Enoch bore record of it saying, "How is it that the heavens weep, and shed forth their tears as the rain upon the mountains?"* The Lord said unto Enoch, "Behold these thy brethren;

they are the workmanship of mine own hands, and I gave unto them their knowledge in the day that

I created them and in the Garden of Eden gave I unto man his agency; and unto thy brethren have I said, and also gave commandments that they should love one another and that they should choose me their Father; but behold, they are without affection; and they hate their own blood; and the fire of mine indignation is kindled against them, and among all the workmanship of my hands there has not been so great wickedness as among thy brethren;

but behold, their sins shall be upon the heads of their fathers;

Satan shall be their father;

and misery shall be their doom; and the whole heavens shall weep over them."You are today occupying the same position before heaven and before the earth, before God, angels, and men, you young men of Israel.

Now can you afford to turn away from the commandments of God and allow satan to rule over you and be your father?

Can you afford not to qualify yourselves for the great work that lies before you?

You cannot.

I am sorry to think that any of our young men should be found careless and indifferent to the responsibility imposed upon them by the reason of their lineage and the covenants they are under.

I would to God the eyes of our sons were open, all of them, so they could see themselves as God and our worthy progenitors behold us.

I would to God you could all realize what is expected of you.

I call upon parents throughout Zion to do what you can to induce your sons and daughters to walk in the paths of righteousness and truth and to improve the opportunities before them.

Do not let your hearts be altogether upon the vanity and affairs of the world, but learn to appreciate the fact that faithful children are among the choicest and greatest of blessings.

I used to meet with, instruct and bless the young Elders that were set apart from time to time to go on missions;

I have made that a part of my business.

I have now arrived at an age when I am obliged to leave off some duties I formerly performed, and that is one of them.

As I cannot now be present with young missionaries when they are set apart to go on missions, I want to say it here, so that when that call is made upon you. you will remember it when I am past and gone.

There are two or three things that I want you to remember, you that go upon missions, and all faithful Elders will be called on missions, for the harvest is great and the laborers are few compared with the necessity there is for such work in the four quarters of the earth today, to warn the world and preach the Gospel.

One thing is, when you

V. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

go into a neighborhood to preach the Gospel, never attempt to tear down a man's house, so to speak, before you build him a better one;

never, in fact attack any one's religion, wherever you go.

Be willing to let every man enjoy his own religion.

It is his right to do that.

If he does not accept your testimony with regard to the Gospel of Christ, that is his affair, and not yours.

Do not spend your time in pulling down other sects and parties.

We haven't time to do that.

It is never right to do that.

When I have been abroad preaching I have found that people who were prepared to receive my testimony believed in me, and in like manner they will receive the testimony you have to give to them, if they can be touched with the Spirit of God.

This is exemplified in the preaching of the Savior, which drew forth from Him this remark:"No man can come to me, except the Father, which hath sent me, draw him."

Another thing is:

Wherever we go, sustain any and every government under heaven that sustains you.

Sustain all governments.

Never be found antagonizing any government.

Government belongs to the people, and if it is not good for them, it is their business to rectify it, not yours, I got into a position once that brought this to my mind very strongly;

it occurred in my labors in the south of England.

On my first mission to that country I went with Brother Kimball and Brother George

A. Smith to London, and helped to build up the first branch of the Church that was organized there.

After returning home, I was again sent to England by President Young with Elder John Taylor and other brethren.

It was customary for us to hold out-door meetings, as they are called; and while doing so, on one occasion, at London, one of our brethren referred to the English government in terms anything but complimentary to the people to whom it belonged, which, of course, was contrary to the spirit of our calling and mission.

It was brought to the attention of one of the chiefs of police, who came to me about it.

The same Elder had an appointment for the next Sabbath on the same ground.

But before filling it I was careful to see that he was shown the unwisdom of pursuing such a course, also to see that wiser and more conservative men did the preaching on that occasion.

Had he been permitted to continue to indulge in such talk we would have brought upon ourselves persecution, but by taking a wise and proper course, we received the protection ofthe police and government, and at last got permission to preach in churches, and were enabled to baptize thousands of church members; and we had as much freedom as we had in our own country.

We learned afterwards that at this second meeting were two or three policemen in disguise who made a most favorable report to the chief of police about us.

Wherever we go we must always sustain the government that gives us protection.

I wanted to mention and impress upon our young

Elders these two things.

It might not be out of place for me to say that we baptized the policeman that approached me, and he proved himself to be a true and faithful Latterday Saint.

Now, I want to say to the Elders of Israel, young and old, there is nothing that we ought to labor more to obtain while in the flesh than the Spirit of God, the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, which we are entitled to receive by reason of our having obeyed the requirements of the Gospel.

When you get acquainted with the Spirit, follow its dictates, no matter where it may lead you; and when you do that, it will become a principle of revelation in you.

I have always found that a true principle in my whole life.

If I had not followed that Spirit in my life, I would not be with you today.

President Young told me, the first year of the settle-

)'. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

ment of these valleys, to go to Boston, and gather out all the Saints I could from the Middle Atlantic and New England States and the Canadas, who had been left there, and bring them up to Zion.

I carried out his instructions to the best of my ability, and whenever I could get a company of a hundred men I would select some man and put him to preside over them, and send them on.

I was the means of thus gathering to Zion hundreds of people.

I, myself, took the lead of the last company.

When we arrived at Pittsburg, just as we landed I was anxious to take a steamer and go on to St. Louis.

I sought an interview with the captain just as he was starting out with some two hundred and twenty passengers on board.

He expressed himself willing to take us on board, and I thought I would go;

but just then the Spirit of the Lord came upon me, and said, "Don't go on board that steamer."That was enough.

I knew the voice of the Spirit.

I excused myself to the captain and turned away.

He immediately started down the river.

It was a dark night.

Five miles below Pittsburg the steamer took fire.

They had no chains on board, and there was hardly a soul on board that escaped death either from fire or water.

There were with me in that company Leonard W.

Hardy, Samuel Hardy and the Atwoods, who during their lifetime were widely known.

By harkening to the "still small voice"my company was saved, and I am spared to tell you about it today.

I know by experience the value of it.

You young men should live in such a manner as to be entitled to the operations of the Holy Ghost within you, and, as I have said, it will become a guide as well as a revelator to you, and never leave or fail you.

I felt to say these few words to our young men of Israel.

Zion is going to be the glory of the whole earth, and all the purposes of God that you read of in the Bible and in the Book of Mormon in regard to the designs of God in the last days are going to be fulfilled to the very letter.

And, as I said before, I say again, your future blessings, your future exaltation and glory, worlds without end, will depend upon the course you pursue here.

The way is clear before you that leads to life eternal.

It was found out by men whose voices are now hushed in death, and we have shown it to you; and it now remains for you to walk therein.

Now, I would say to our superintendents here, continue your labor with the youth of Zion.

Be not weary in your efforts to save the souls of men, for this is the work of your Heavenly Father.

The boys whom you teach are the instruments whom the God of Heaven has called to bear off His Kingdom, and they will do it:

yes, I repeat, they will do it;

it is the will of God they should, and it is a pleasure for me to bear my testimony of these things to you at the age I have attained to.

I want to say a word to our young sisters.

When you receive an offer of marriage, find out whether the young man smokes, or drinks, or swears, or whether he goes to the Sabbath School, or Mutual Improvement Association, whether he is virtuous and worthy to bear the

Priesthood of the Son of God.

A young woman had better be single all her days than to marry a man who dishonors God and his parents, and is unworthy of the blessings which he is entitled to receive through the Gospel of Christ.

You boys and girls have a great future before you.

There lies within your reach salvation, eternal life and a part in the first resurrection; in fact, all the blessings God has promised to any people that has ever been in the flesh, are held out to you and are within your reach inasmuch as you do your duty in these things.

Before taking my seat, I want to ask the young men to study the scriptures; ^nd to learn to understand

V. M. M.

I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE.

the signs of the times in which you live.

The signs of the second coming of the son of God are everywhere seen, but the world does not comprehend them.

The devil is abroad in the earth, and he will destroy every person that he can.

Search the scriptures that have come directly to us, as well as those contained in the Bible, and learn to comprehend the mind and will of God, which we can do by reading them when the light of the Holy Spirit is within us, and thus prepare yourselves for that which will come to pass in life.

My desire and my prayer for you and the youth of Zion is that you may rise up and magnify your calling and do your duty, and accomplish all that God requires of you;

which may God grant for Christ's sake.

Amen.

Elder Milton H.

Hardy deemed it an honor to be invited to occupy a few minutes of the time.

He believed he realized the importance and force of the words that had been spoken, that in coming to meeting, attending our conferences and mingling with the brethren, with our friends, listening to the words of life, we become warmed and filled with zeal and ardor for this work, but that it is an easy matter to go from this scene of inspiration and leave behind us the better part, the essential products of that which we have received.

The speaker well remembered when the first conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations was held, in our old tabernacle, as it was called.

True, he said, our annual conferences were not continued from that date, but at a subsequent period they were fixed for about the first of June each year, and I believe I am safe in saying that so far during the session of this conference, those of us who have been here have been pleased, and feel that we have been paid in coming many miles to participate in the exercises—in the counsel meetings of yesterday and last evening and also in the public work of today.

It would be inappropriate for me at this juncture to occupy your precious time.

I am glad as an individual—and I only say that which probably all in this congregation at this time, after hearing the inspirational utterances of President Woodruff, would say, were they to occupy this stand, if but for one brief minute of time, that this is one of the most important practical works that is before us today.

I do not say this from any selfish standpoint, because I have had confidence reposed in me from the beginning of this work until the present time, acting in some kind of official capacity, but I have had this in mind, that while many other departments of our work are of grave importance, yet at the same time for young men this work has advantages, perhaps, that others do not possess.

I have made the remark elsewhere, and believe I will reiterate it here, that the young man is called to action and given an experience here.

A young man fs called upon a mission to preach the Gospel, another one is called upon to fill a position in some important capacity, and, I say, these young men, if they have done duty in this work, and lived up to their privileges and opportunities, need not be unprepared, whereas, many have been called in the past, for such purposes, and they felt unprepared, and hardly knew whether to perform the work or to shrink.

But our young men do not shrink, they act, and hence they sometimes have acted in an unprepared way.

I ask God to bless us, and give us appreciative hearts, that we may obey the injunction of Apostle Thatcher, to appreciate the words of life that come from the seers and revelators that are with us today.

This is my prayer, in the name of Jesus.

Amen.

Apostle Heber J.

Grant:

I have been very much pleased, indeed, to

A PROPHECY.

have the privilege of meeting in this conference today, and regret that I was not with you yesterday.

In being called as one of the assistants to the General Superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association throughout the various Stakes of Zion, I have received a calling that is very agreeable to me.

During the time that I have been laboring as one of the Apostles of the Church I have devoted but very little time to the Mutual Improvement interests;

but prior to that I took a somewhat active interest in this work.

I believe that I was chosen as one of the officers, if I am not mistaken, in the first association that was organized at the time of the general movement for organizing these Associations throughout all the

Stakes of Zion;

and I have ever taken an interest in the Mutual Improvement Association because of the realization of the fact that as a young man I stood as it were upon the brink of usefulness or upon the brink of making a failure of my life, and to a certain extent I give the credit to the Mutual Improvement Associations and to the Sunday School that I have become a faithful member in the Church of Christ.

My heart is filled with love and respect for those who organized this movement.

My heart is also filled with love and respect for those that organized and have sustained and pushed forward the labor in the the Sabbath Schools; and I believe that the work that has been accomplished by Brother Goddard is one that will build a monument to his name of love and respect in the hearts of the Latter-day Saints that is beyond any language of mine to tell.

When I realize he is traveling today, when over eighty years of age, from one end of this Territory to the other—yes, not only from one end of this

Territory, but from Canada on the north to Mexico on the south, laboring without price for the benefit of the youth of Zion, I realize that he is entitled to our love and respect;

and I realize that when a man of his age is working as he is, that it is an example set before all the youth of Israel that they ought to endeavor to emulate.

It is too bad that one-half of the young men, filled with vigor, with strength, with vitality of body and of mind, should not be engaged in the work of Mutual Improvement, when men that are eighty and eightyeight years of age are ready and willing to labor, and do labor for the sole benefit of these young men that are careless and indifferent.

I pray God to bless all the institu- tions of Zion.

I pray God to bless all the young people, and inspire them with His spirit, with a desire to labor for the onward advancement of the kingdom of God here on earth;

I ask it in the name of Jesus. Amen.

After hearing the reports of a number of Stake superintendents, President Woodruff said:

I have a request to make of our young men, that they prepare themselves to be able to explain and tell people in conversation and to a religious congregation, what the

Latter-day Saints believe in, giving a reason for the hope and also the faith that are in them; and that they show their faith by their works.

Amen.

Benediction.

( To be concluded.) A PROPHECY.

In view of the anxiety and the uninteresting to the readers of The talk which is at present experienced

Contributor to print the prophecy in Europe concerning the movements which is credited to Napoleon Bonaof some of the great powers to parte, uttered many years ago.

The secure naval stations, it may not be extract is taken from the book called

SAVED BY THE BIBLE

A Voice from St.

Helena, Volume II, pages 69-72:

"In the course of a few years Russia will have Constantinople, the greatest part of Turkey, and all Greece.

This I hold to be as certain as if it had already taken place.

Almost all the cajoling which Alexander practiced towards me was to gain my consent to effect this object.

I would not consent, foreseeing that the equilibrium of Europe would be destroyed.

In the natural course of things in a few years, Turkey must fall to Russia.

The greatest part of her population are Greeks, who, you may say, are Russians.

The powers it would injure, and could oppose it, are England, France, Prussia, and Austria. Now as to Austria, it would be very easy for Russia to gain her assistance by giving her Servia, and other provinces bordering on the Austrian dominions, reaching near Constantinople. The only hypothesis that France and England may be allied with sincerity will be to prevent this.

But even this alliance will not avail.

France, England and Prussia united cannot prevent it.

Russia and Austria can at any time effect it.

Once mistress of Constantinople,

Russia gets all the commerce of the Mediterranean, becomes a great naval power, and God knows what may happen.

She quarrels with you, marches off to India, an army of seventy thousand good soldiers which to Russia is nothing, and one hundred thousand canaille Cossacks and others, and England loses India."SAVED BY THE BIBLE.

Among the King's Own Scottish Borderers was a young man who had not only rejected religious instruction and encouragement himself, but had ridiculed those who found comfort in "the myths of olden time,"as he called them.

At the beginning of the Chitral campaign the regiment to which this young man belonged was ordered to Asia.

Arriving there a number of the soldiers, among whom was the professed infidel, were seized by the disease peculiar to the.

climate and were sent to the hospital at Pindi.

Here the men received encouragement in spiritual or moral life as well as bodily care.

The unbelief of the Borderer was a cause of regret to the nurses, who diligently labored with him, but with little apparent success.

As the young man recovered, however, he accepted a Bible which was tendered him and gave a promise that he would read from it every day, This agreement was carefully kept, though its fulfillment compelled the soldier to carry in his pocket the Bible, and, during the intervals of rest on the marches his company took, read a few lines at a time from the precious book.

During the forcing of the Malakand Pass the soldier fell, being hit in the breast by an enemy's bullet.

Captain Macfarlane ran to him, hastily opened his coat and found that the bullet, the impact of which had hurled him to the ground, was buried in his Bible, thus saving his life.

This event made so deep an impression upon the mind of the young man, whose heart had already been softened by the daily reading of the Scriptures, that a more devoted follower of the teachings of the Savior, as he understands them, can now scarcely be found.

C. A. H.

''Answering a letter does not mean simply sending another letter in response to the one you have received.

It means taking the trouble to read the letter you get, and to refer to the subject matter of it.

It is never polite, and sometimes little less than insulting, to write in response to the letter of a friend and ignore the subject which was evidently uppermost in his thoughts when he wrote to you."

I-IMTORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, August, 1895.

COURTSHIP CONDUCT.

Not very long since one of the Apostles caused considerable comment among some young people because of advice he gave them concerning their conduct toward each other.

He referred to the too great familiarity which often exists between young people who are acknowledged lovers, or perhaps engaged, and warned his hearers of the danger to which they were exposing themselves in the indulgence in kissing and hugging before marriage.

His advice was that the first kiss of young people should be that which is given over the sacred altar in God's holy house.

It is an undisputed fact that where a young lady indulges in indiscriminate kissing, she loses very much of the respect and confidence which a young man who expects to make her his wife should entertain for her.

A common kisser, too, is frequently a subject for ridicule among certain classes of boys.

Hear what one boy writes on this subject:

"Any girl that will let one boy kiss her will let any other one that wants to. So with a drunkard—after he takes his first drink he is sure to take his second.

The other day there were two young people, about twelve or thirteen years of age; they were what people call sweethearts, and were having a nice time in an innocent way, until the boy intruded on her bliss by asking her to let him kiss her.

She consented, and today any boy that wants to can kiss her.

Girls, don't let the boys kiss you.

If my girl would let me kiss her, I would not have her any more."There may be times when girls are so attractive and sweet that it is almost impossible for men to restrain the inclination to manifest love by kissing them.

A peculiar incident illustrative of this feature is reported from Milan, Italy, where a young lady sued a young man—a perfect stranger—for having kissed her, suddenly and without warning, in the open street.

When she entered the box to give evidence against him, the judge was so struck with her beauty that he instantly acquitted the accused, on the grounds "that so much loveliness and charm had doubtless proved an irresistible temptation."

Perhaps the most remarkable feature of the trial was that, instead of being annoyed at losing her case, the plaintiff was delighted with the verdict, and uttered a friendly farewell to the judge as she left the court beaming with smiles, while the accused was heartily applauded as he retired in triumph with his friends.

Even among Latter-day Saints whose lives and conduct should be without blemish, there is, no doubt, too much carelessness of conduct among the youth.

Such conduct in the world, apart from the restraining influences which happily prevail here, would result disastrously to the moral life of the participants.

That bad effects exist here is too apparent in some places.

Young men have no right to take the least liberty with their female companions, even though they are engaged; and young women should promptly and severely rebuke any undue familiarity on the part of their associates.

Such a course will not be detrimental to her success, but on the other hand will win for the courageous female who assumes that position the unqualified respect of every good man, and she should seek neither the society nor acquaintanceship of others.

It is incumbent upon both of them to avoid trifling with human affections.

Flirtation ought really to be considered a crime the penalty for which should be social ostracism.

When a young lady accepts without

EDITORIAL.

64S remonstrance the continued attentions of a young man, he very naturally supposes his company agreeable.

On the other hand a young man has no right to devote himself to one young woman for months or years, expecting her to return him a monopoly of her society, merely as a pastime.

Such conduct is generally considered serious by the girl and her relatives, however lightly the boy may treat it.

Some young men seem to think they are under no obligation so long as a formal engagement has not occurred, but in this they are morally and legally wrong—morally because their actions are misleading, and legally because marked attentions are considered evidence of a tacit understanding to marry.

In New York State, not very long since, a young lady commenced a breach of promise suit against a man whose company she had kept for several years.

She did not claim that any proposal for marriage was ever made.

They were introduced in 1885 at which time he stated that he had long desired to make her acquaintance.

During the succeeding two years he had frequently escorted her home from church and other meetings, and had also taken her to various entertainments.

More marked than ever were his attentions during the third year, when he not only accompanied her home from all meetings, but frequently spent the evenings with her.

At this time he also expressed his intention of building a house, and asked her which lot she would prefer.

In reply to a remark she had heard and afterwards repeated to him, that he was only keeping her company for his own amusement and to see how big a fool she would become, he solemnly declared that he longed to make her happy, as he had never met a woman whom he so much admired.

His concluding affirmation was, "If

I live, I will make you happy."During all the years of his regular visits she received no attentions from other young men.

She was, in fact, the acknowledged fiancee of the man, and consequently on his desertion of her she brought suit for damages, the result being a three thousand dollar verdict.

The case being appealed, the decision of the jury received confirmation by the higher court, a rule which had been adopted more than twenty years ago concerning a somewhat ^similar case being made to apply now.

This rule is:

"Contracts of marriage are unlike all others.

They concern the highest interests of human life and enlist the tenderest sympathies of the human heart, and the acts and declarations done and implied by parties negotiating them are often correspondingly delicate and emotional.

As a matter of law the learned judge was clearly right in holding that no formal language is necessary to constitute the contract of marriage.

If the conduct and declarations of the parties clearly indicate that they regard themselves engaged, it is not material by what means they have arrived at that state."It may be well for men who are inclined to flirt and treat lightly the feelings of the opposite sex to remember the case here cited.

True, breach of promise suits are uncommon in Utah, but if such experiences are necessary to teach men the respect which women and their affections are entitled to receive, then a few such cases would be of benefit.

Much of the discord and unhappiness found in married life is the result of improper conduct between the couple before marriage.

The mutual respect and confidence which are so necessary to happy matrimony, if lost in courting days is seldom regained after the ceremony.

Nor will obedience on the part of the wife be cheerfully and readily given where the husband fails to be obedient to those holy principles which make one worthy to be a leader and a guide.

In fact it is evidently be-

t>44 EDITORIAL, coming a question with some as to whether or not a wile should be required in the marriage ceremony to promise obedience to her husband.

One divine of New York City expresses himself unequivocally upon this subject:

"I have never performed a marriage ceremony in which I made the woman promise to obey her husband.

I don't believe a woman ever married a man and thoroughly obeyed him.

I object to obedience being imposed upon the woman, because she won't live up to it.

When a woman agrees to obey her husband she acknowledges her mental and moral inferiority.

Her judgment is higher and nobler than that of man, and she has exercised her authority in the household in a nobler manner than man has."It is, nevertheless, man's place to stand at the head of the family, for

God so designed it;

yet he can never truly and fully satisfy the divine requirement unless his life and conduct before and after marriage have been pure and holy.

If such has been his character he will have no great difficulty in guiding his family, for they will follow him as he follows Christ.

WORTHY DECISIONS.

It is said that in one of our northern settlements the young ladies became converted to the wisdom of the counsel which had been given by the Church authorities that round dancing should be avoided by the Saints. They accordingly resolved in their Improvement Association that they would not attend social gatherings where this practice was followed.

The young men did not believe they would adhere to their resolution, and accordingly arranged for their parties with the usual number and variety of round dances;

but when they found none of the Ladies'Improvement Association members in attendance, and when this same experience followed them on several similar occasions, they realized there was sincerity in the resolutions which had been adopted.

As a consequence round dancing was abolished, and no more enjoyable parties were ever held than those which have since occurred.

A somewhat similar experience to this is reported from Danville, Connecticut, where a society of young women numbering already four hundred have individually pledged themselves not to marry drinking men.

An Eastern paper commenting on this, says:

"It is a very sensible pledge.

There are some men who can use liquor in moderation without any danger of becoming drunkards, but with most men the danger is very great, and many a man who is quite sure of himself is, in fact, on the verge of ruin.

But that is not all.

Even if the man himself could be depended upon with safety, he could not, by any possibility, guarantee his sons against yielding to the temptation which would beset them from their very infancy by reason of his use of liquor.

The woman who does not want to be either the wife of a drunkard or the mother of a drunkard has, therefore, only one way of escape from that danger, and that is to turn a deaf ear to any suitor who uses liquor at all."We need everywhere just such determined, high-minded women as those whose experiences are here presented.

The speedy and inevitable result would be a nobler race of men, an exalted morality—indeed, a reformation such as good men and women since the beginning of time have sought to establish, but which seems today as far removed as ever.

The man that forgets a good deal that has happened, has a better memory than he who remembers a great deal that has never happened.

A TEMPERANCE

LESSON.

We doubt if a more impressive temperance lesson can be provided than that which comes to us through a Japanese newspaper, which speaks of a small island belonging to the nation, where a few years ago strong drink threatened the people with complete mental and physical destruction, but to them the change came through the determination of the residents themselves.

We reproduce the article in the hope that its suggestions will not be without profit to people who sometimes glory in their superior civilization:

In the northern part of the sea of

Japan, some forty miles distant from the large island of Ezo, lies a tiny island called Okushiri.

Its soil is fertile.

Trees of varying proportions cluster thickly over its. surface.

The agriculturist and the lumberman might find profitable occupation there.

But the chief pursuit of the people is fishing.

Every spring, great shoals of herring approach the coast, and the fish are easily captured in such quantities that this one bountiful dispensation of nature suffices to feed and clothe the inhabitants from year's end to year's end.

Living thus in ease and plenty, the D?ople might be expected to develop qualities usually incidental to such circumstances, and they appear to have fallen pretty freely into the vice of drunkenness.

In there were some two hundred and sixty souls in the island.

They possessed only four fixed nets.

They lived in houses thatched with coarse grass;

they had scarcely any roads, and they could boast only a single school.

Yet they consumed annually three thousand dollars worth of sake in addition to shochu and other strong drinks.

In short these common fisher folks spent upon intoxicating beverages more than one dollar per month for every unit of their number, including women and children.

The same ratio of intemperance applied to the whole of Japan would signify an annual expenditure of five hundred million dollars on intoxicating beverages alone.

In the face of this reckless outlay for liquor the people often suffered severely from hunger and cold during the winter, the price of rice ranging very high in the midwinter months and the dwelling houses being ill adapted to exclude the inclement atmosphere.

The local authorities prevailed upon them to adopt a system of storing provisions against times of scarcity, but their sources, reduced by payments on account of sake, were insufficient to accomplish anything effective in that line.

These circumstances induced some bold men among them to openly denounce the excessive use of alcoholic beverages as the cause of all the people's sufferings, and to preach the necessity ofapplying to useful purposes the funds thus squandered.

The crusade provoked violent opposition, but in 1884 the inhabitants were induced to enter into the following agreement:

"Covenant made by the people of

Okushiri Island concerning the sale of alcoholic beverages and the use of the same in the island of Okushiri:

"This land which we inhabit is a lonely island in the Pacific Ocean.

Its inhabitants, numbering ninety families, find almost their only means of amusement in drinking alcohol.

Nine out of every ten are addicted to sake, the sums annually spent on which aggregate a heavy amount.

Debtors are unable to meet their engagements and some are even compelled to depend on official aid for supplies of food.

We are threatened with misery, and some extraordinary measure is necessary to save us.

Frugality must be the rule of our conduct and every kind of excess must be avoided.

We, therefore, hereby resolve to abstain from the luxury which we relish above all others, namely, sake, so as to terminate the importation of the liquor into the island.

The money hitherto devoted

M.

I. MANAL, PARTI/.

to the purchase of sake shall be applied to lay in stocks of rice and other grain, as a provision against future want, on the one hand, and to increase the capital available for fishery purposes on the other.

"Signatures of the Promoters.""Dated July, 1884.

"Article 1:—We, the inhabitants of Okushiri, jointly and severally.

in accordance with the covenant hereby signed, do pledge ourselves to abandon wholly the sale, purchase and usage of alcoholic beverages.

"(Signed) "ny Okushiri Islanders."The consequences of this covenant were very marked.

It was vigorously observed.

Even the government officials, whatever their rank, had to give up sake drinking when they visited the island, and, as a matter of course, every dramster who could not reform was compelled to take his departure.

Order thenceforth reigned completely, and prosperity came with rapid strides.

The population increased fivefold in five years and the capital invested in the fishing industry tenfold.

Reed thatches were replaced by shingles.

Four large granaries were kept full of rice, and, in addition, each house had a store of its own.

It is stated that there is now stored in the island rice sufficient to support the people for three or four months, even though the herring fishery should fail entirely.

Roads have been constructed in places where nothing of the kind existed before.

The principal school has been greatly improved and several branch schools have been established.

New lands have been brought into cultivation, and hemp to the value of two thousand dollars is grown annually for the manufacture of fishing nets, which, before the signing of the covenant, had to be imported entirely from the mainland.

Statistics also show a marked decrease of crime, and so famous did the success of the experiment become that a large community of settlers in the neighboring island of Ezo pledged themselves to a covenant similar to that of Okushiri, and with similarly happy results.

Finally, we may add, that when the five years originally contemplated by the covenant expired, it was renewed for another term of five years, despite the opposition of an influential local official.

C.

S.

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

BY MILTON H. HARDY AND GEORGE H.

BRIMHALL.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.

Lecture 34.

constitutional law.

Subdivisions:—

( 1 ) American governments constitutional.—

(2) Constitutional decisions.—(3) The meaning of unconstitutional.—(4) Exercise of the power of declaring a law of congress unconstitutional; (a) responsibility;

(6) axiom;

(V) case.

—(5) Political power of the judiciary; (a) ordinary means of enforcing the laws is by courts; (6) respect for the constitutional decisions of the Supreme Court by congress and the executive;

(c) reverence of the public for the court:

(d) limitation of the court.—(6) The national judiciary;

(a) its expectations, (£) home confidence and foreign applause; (c) its influence on political and legal development of the country.

Ref.

American Government, Part II, ch.

xxiii, pp. 304-307.

Self-review:—1. What is meant by the American governments being constitutional?

2. What cases is the Supreme Court called upon to decide?

3.

Give Judge Cooley's meaning of

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

the expression "unconstitutional."4.

What, axiom is the guide in pronouncing an act of congress unconstitutional?

5. What is necessary in order that the Supreme Court may express its opinion as to the constitutionality of a law?

6. What is the theory of the constitution with respect to the three departments of government?

7. What is the ordinary mode of enforcing the laws?

8.

What is said of the respect for the Supreme Court by congress and the executive, and also the general public?

9. What is said concerning the efficacy of our national judiciary?

Lecture 35.

the rights and duties of STATES.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions: Article IV, Section 1 and 2, Clauses 1, 2 and 3.—(1) Public acts, records and proceedings;

(a) acts referred to;

(^) meaning of a state's giving full faith and credit to the acts and records of another state;

(V) obvious necessity for this provision.

(2) Privileges and immunities;

(a) privileges and immunities that must be accorded;

(b) privileges and immunities that a citizen can claim.

(3) Fugitives (1) from justice; (2) irom service;

(a) scope of national authority;

(b) jurisdiction of the state;

(c) method of surrendering fugitives; (1) from justice;

(2) from service.

Ref.

American Government, Part II, ch.

xxiv, pp. 308- 3"- Self-review:—1.

What are the public acts referred to in Article IV, Section 1?

2. What is meant by a state's giving full faith and credit to the acts, records and proceedings of another state?

3. What privileges and immunities can a citizen claim from a state when entering it?

4.

What is meant by a fugitive?

5.

What is the scope of the national authority respecting fugitives from justice?

6.

Explain the procedure of surrendering fugitives from justice.

Lecture 36.

new states.—the territorial SYSTEM.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions:

Article III, Section 3, Clauses 1 and 2.—(1) The Western Cessions.—(2) Old States to be divided.—(3) The territorial growth of the United States;

(a) Louisiana by purchase from France, (b) Florida by purchase from Spain, {c) Texas by admission of the State, (d) Oregon by discovery, occupation and treaties with Spain and England, First Mexican annexation partly by conquest and partly by purchase from Mexico, (/") Second Mexican annexation by purchase from

Mexico, (£•) Alaska by purchase from Russia.

(4) The territory of the United States;

(a) meaning, (b) kinds, (c) earlier and later types of territorial government, (d) the North-west Territory, territorial status, requisites for admission into the Union.—(5) New States formed, (a) from older ones, (b) from the first territories, (V) from the Louisiana purchase, (d) from the Mexican Cessions, (<?) from the Oregon acquisition.

Ref, American Government, Part II, ch. xxv, pp. 312-319.

Self-review—1.

What is meant by the Western Cessions?

2.

Explain the several annexations of territory constituting what is known as the territorial growth of the United

States?

3.

What is meant by the territory of the United States?

4.

Of what does the latest type of territorial government consist?

5. What was the beginning of our territorial system?

6. How does the status of a territory compare with that of a state?

7. What can you say of the requisites for admission into the Union?

Lecture 37.

the national guarantees to the states.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions:

Article IV, Section 4—(1)

M.

I. MANUAL, PART If.

The states Republican;

(a) limitations imposed by the national constitution;

(b) freedom of the States in their governmental organization.

—(2) Congress to decide the question.—(3) Protecting

States against (1) invasion;

(a) nature of such protection; (b) need for it;

(<:) manner of it;

(2) against domestic violence;

(a) meaning of domestic violence;

(6) duty of State authorities;

(c) steps when State laws are resisted.—(4)

Reasons for the application.—(5) Assumptions of the Constitution.

Ref.

American Government, Part II, ch.

xxvi, pp.

320322.

Self-review:—1. Name some limitations imposed by the National Constitution upon the States.

2.

Show that protecting the States against invasion and domestic violence is protecting the Union itself.

3. Why is application for protection in case of invasion not necessary?

4.

Give the steps of procedure in case of resistance of State laws.

5.

Give reasons for making distinction between invasion and insurrection.

6. What is assumed by the constitution respecting the State governments?

Lecture 38.

amendments.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions:

Article V.—(i)Need of the power of amendments;

(a) changing conditions;

(b) young and growing States;

(c) danger of frequent changes; (d) fundamental laws should be given in comprehensive terms and not susceptible of easy change;

the Articles of Confederation practically incapable of amendment;

( f) the result of this deficiency;

(g~) both dangers guarded by the framers of the Constitution.—(2) Number of amendments ratified during the century.—(3)

Steps in making an amendment:

(a) proposing;

(b) ratifying.—(4) Limitations of the power of amendment:

(a) relative to the slave trade and direct taxes;

(b) State Senatorial Suffrage.

Ref., American Government, Part II, ch.

xxvii, pp. 322-325.

Self-review:—1. What reason can you give for the need of the power of amendment?

2. How should fundamental laws be expressed?

3.

What is said of the Articles of Confederation with reference to amendment?

4. How many amendments have been ratified?

5. What are the steps in making an amendment?

6.

Name the limitations of the power of amendment.

Lecture 39.

the supremacy of the union.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions:

Article VI, Clauses 1, 2, 3.—(1) The validity of the public debts.—(2) The weak point in a federal system.—(3) The supreme law.—(4) The State judges bound.

—(5) The limit of the national supremacy.—(6) Theories ofthe Union (a) State "Sovereignty,"(b) the national theory.—(7) The secession of the eleven States.—(8) The status of the seceding States during the rebellion.—(9) The Supreme Court view.—(10) The antagonistic theories.—(11) No religious tests.

Ref., American Government, Part II, ch.

xxviii, pp. 316-333.

Self-review:

1.

What was the object of the formal assertion of the validity of the public debt in the organic law?

2.

How is the vital point of securing and maintaining at once both \oz?\freedom and independence and national union and strength protected in the Constitution?

3.

What practical safe-guards in addition to the distinct declaration that the National Constitution, laws and treaties are the supreme laws of the land are provided?

4.

What is the theory of State Sovereignty?

5.

What is the national theory of our Union?

6. What is the Supreme Court view of the rebellion?

7.

What is said of religious tests?

Established WILFORD WOODRUFF, Preside!**.

GEORGE M. CANNON, CASHIER, Oldest and Largest Sav ln{f.H Bank In I Hah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Preat.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Preat.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon,.lames Jack, Ileber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Wehber, If.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, George M.

Gannon, L. John fTuttall, We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any Information you desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

iniiiinmiiiiiiiiinii.

\Zfll SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FDR THE T \J\J CONTRIBUTOR.

iinnmmiimmmiT FITS CURED (From U. S. Journal of Medicine.)

Prof.W. II. Peeke,whomakesaspecialty of Epilepsy, has without doubt treated and cured more cases than any living Physician; hissuccessisastonishing. We have heard of cases of20 years'standing cured by him.

He publishesa valuable work on this disease which he sends with a large bottle of his absolute cure, free to any sufferer who may send their P.O. and Express address. We advise anyone wishing a cure to address,

Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D.. 4 Cedar St., New York.

BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

DANIEL HARRINGTON, grttimwjj & (Sounisirtor-at-pw, CONSTITUTION BUILDING, Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes, (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple St, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Msum™ To the Editoe—Please inform your readers that I have a positive remedy for the above named disease.

By its timely use thousands of hopeless cases have been permanently cured.

I shall be glad to send two bottles of my remedy free to any of your readers who have consumption if they will sendme their express and post office address.

T.A.Slocum, M. C., 183 Pearl St., New York.

'MnMi,1 WOKhD'JS PICTeKIflh UlJiE.

Union > SYSTEM, The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, Mast and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars tf8* Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver \Y. M>nk E. ElleryAnderson Fred'k R. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Genera? Mgr.

G.P.&T.A.

THE life The BEST Medium Grade All Purpose Wheel.

26 and 28 inch.

For Men and Ladies.

A.H.CANNON,Ogden