March Narration J^ Q^ g^ MaSSaCre early number of this Volume of THE CONTRIBUTOR with

Illustrations, ntherto unpub'ished incidents and experiences will be presented.

IN COURSE OF PREPARATION ROBERT EDGE, the Mysterious Preacher Fn the Southern States.

This article will be very attractive to all readers.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

FOR MARCH.

1895.

PAGE.

Beyond the Arctic Circle.

(Illustrated) Nephi Anderson.

Valley Forge.

A Washington's Birthday Story. (Concluded)

Amateiu Shining Lights.—How they acquired Brightness.

Hon.

H.

P.

Henderson.

(Illustrated) „Biography of Judge Charles S. Zane.

With Reminiscences of Abraham Lincoln.

(Illustrated) B.F. Cummings. Jr Patience J Scandinavian Reminiscences. V.

First Missionaries in Norway... Andrew Jensoi

Preaching and Preaching.

XVII N. L. Nelsoi Temple Manifestations. A case of Healing in the Manti Temple.

J. V. WilHam The Reward of Obedience Streben.

College Department.

The Study of German The Crime of Suicide Marne. 319 Editorial: Some Causes of Infidelity...

M.

I. Manual, Part II Milton H. Hardy and George H.Brimhall.

Music:

All is Well James Hoon Established 18/3, Capital, $200,000.

SURPLUS, $200,000. * WILFOBD WOODEUFF, Prmidmto.

GEOEGE M. CANNON, Cashibb, Oldest and Largest Savings Bank In Utah, with

Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prrtt.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Pretf..

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T. G.

Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Fruncis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Haidy.

We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any Information yondesire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO.,

MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

Dr.

0. B. Hewett & Son, JX ROOMS 401-2*3, H^! «p £^^M £% Dooly P.O. Block. UtIM lO O Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain.

'The Beet Work for the Least Money in the Territory.

«3 -*£=£ THE 9=3- CONTRIBUTOR, The Authorized Organ of the Y. M. M.

I. A. of Zion.

Prospectus for Volume XVL 1594-95.

In this -volume we propose to introduce the following special features among man3T other instructive articles of general interest:

Shining'Lights.

How They Acquired Brightness.

Temple Manifestations.

Sermons from the Prophets Beyond the Arctic Circle.,.^ "mtsfa&r The Study of Self.

Preaching"and Preaching, MLormonism and Theosophy, Reminiscences of the Scandinavian Mission M.

I. A. Manual, Part II.

Prize Story and Prize Male Quartette

Vocal Music Our Illustrations Department of Inquiry.

Association Suggestions,^ tiwiiUfcin Our Missions Many New Features which we cannot now mention, will be introduced in Volume XVI of The Contributor.

Subscription Price, $2.00 per Year, Postpaid.

Address:

T^tie Oon.tirifolXtor'Oo., P. O. BOX 520.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH P. S.—Please remit by P. 0. Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

Detectives Needed Here.

Superintendent Chas.

Ainge, of the National Detective Bureau, Indianapolis,

Ind., announces that two or three capable and trustworthy men are needed in this county to act as private detectives under his instructions.

Experience in the work is not necessary to success.

He edits a large criminal paper and will send it with full particulars, which will explain how you may enter the profession by addressing him at Indianapolis, Ind.

Newspaper Reporters Wanted.

We are informed that the Modern Press

Association wants one or two newspaper correspondents in this county. The work is light and can be performed by either lady or gentleman.

Previous experience is not necessary, and some of our young men and women and even old men would do well to secure such a position, as we understand it takes only about one- fourth of your time.

For further particulars address Modern Press Association, Chicago, 111.

DEMAND POND'9 EXTRACT.

AVOID ALL IMITATIONS.

i jl Ma FOR ALL PAIN Rheumatism Feminine Complaints Lameness • Soreness tS^IWounds FAC-SI MILE OF BOTTLE WITH BUFF WRAPPER. Bruises Catarrh Burns Piles %/gHbg B SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR THE I Uy CONTRIBUTOR.

Softly singing, mellow voiced, trained

Warbling Canaries that will delight you, a specialty.

Wo will send you an imported German Singing Canary Bird in song for $2.00 anywhere in the country.

Send stamp for Circular.

O. EBERL.EY.

66 LUBECK ST., CHICAGO.

POND'S EXTRACT RUDY'S PILE SUPPOSITORY is guaranteed to cure Piles and

Constipation, or money refunded.

cents per box.

Send stamp for circular and Free Sample to MARTIN RUDY,

Lancaster, Pa. For Sale by The GodbePitts Drug Co., Salt Lake City, Utah.

eS2E2SSl2§3i|3 "Busy Bee Washer /iuns easy and does perfect work. No rubbing: necessary.

Warranted for five years, and money refunded if not entire.y tatisfaetory

Fits any tub. Just the machine lor ladies who are not v» ry strong.

Thousands of ladies who used to hire their washing: done now pave that expense by using the "BUSY BEE."ACENTS WANTED.

Exclusive territory. Agents make $100 to $200 a month. Lady agents very successful. Farmers and their wives make $200 to $100 during the winter. One farmerin Missouri sold 600.

Price $5. Sample, (full size) where we have no agent, onlv >2.

We refer to our F. M.

For terms to agents, address LAKE ERIE MFG. CO., i are Of

THE CONTRIBUTOK, Salt Labe City, 1 tali.

FITSGURED {From U. S. Journal of Medicine.)

Prof.W. II. Peeke,who makes a specialty of Epilepsy,.has without doubt treated and cured more cases than •any living Physician; his success is astonishing. We 'Jhave heard of cases of 20 years'standing cured by him.

He publ ishesa valuable work on this disease which he sends with a large bottle of his absolute cure, free to any sufti-rer who may send their P.O. and Express address. We advise anyone wishing a cure to address,

Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D., 4 Cedar St., New York.

CONSUMPTION To the Editob—Please inform your readers that I have a positive remedy for the above named disease.

By its timely use thousands of hopeless cases have been permanently cured.

I shall be glad to send two bottles of my remedy free to any of your readers who have consumption if they will sendme their express and post office address.

T.A.Sloeum,M.C., 183 Pearl St., New York.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor1605eng

Vol. XVI.

MARCH, 1895.

No.

5.

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

CHAPTER X.

Steep Hay Meadows.—The making of Farms.

—Products.—Social Life.

We were holding a meeting one day in a small village close by a steep mountain.

The audience was very attentive, when suddenly one of the women neighbors appeared at the door and began making motions to a man in the congregation.

The gestures indicated that he was to come out, but he did not respond.

"Lars, Lars, your cow has fallen down the mountain."At that Lars went out.

After meeting we enquired what was the matter and were informed that Lars'cow had been grazing on the hillside, and having strayed onto a steep place, had slipped and come tumbling down the mountain.

Accidents of this kind often occur; and it was no wonder, seeing the pastures which are here found.

As nearly all the level land is used for farming, the hay meadows and pastures are often on the mountain sides.

We saw some at an angle of forty-five degrees.

The goats can manage at such places, but the poor cows often go down to destruction.

As every shelf where there is soil contains a luxuriant growth of grass, tons of hay are often cut from these steep places.

Of course horses can not be used, so the hay is stuffed into fishing nets and sacks and then rolled down to the sea, where it is loaded in boats and taken home.

We saw one ingenious contrivance.

From the top of a high cliff down to the road was stretched a wire, down which the bundles were slid.

Many a Utonian would be surprised to see the small amount ot hay necessary to feed a cow through the long winter.

Not a straw is wasted.

That is the secret.

Nearly every family has some sheep and one or more cows, and milk, butter and cheese are abundant.

The making of new farms is a task, not so much in the clearing away of forest growth, but in the ridding away of stones.

Sometimes terraces are made on the sides of the hills, and the loose earth somewhat leveled towards the wall.

I have seen pieces of land cleared where the stone pile from it equaled in area the cleared land.

Many bogs are drained;

while sometimes a poor fisherman who owns but the spot on which his house stands, will carry soil from the bogs, and sand from the shore, mix them and make a farm on the rocks.

Manures must be continually used.

To augment that from the stable, rotten seaweed and the refuse of fish are used.

Much of the light farm work is done by the women and children, the men being on the sea, that being their principal source of income.

Though the land will yield a great variety of products, very few are cultivated.

First in importance is hay, then potatoes, and barley and oats.

The growth is, and must be rapid.

We helped to plant potatoes on the first of July, and harvested the crop on the first of October.

TEAVHiEKS.

The potato is small but of an excellent flavor.

Barley is not always a sure crop as far north as Tromso.

It was strange to hear some of the farmers talk of one week of fine weather.

If they got that towards fall they were sure of a crop, it seemed.

But it often happened that they did not get that, so their crop was cut for feed.

It is often a task to get their crops properly dried.

Everything must be hung on fences of poles or wire.

But winter sometimes catches them and the grain is then hauled to the barn on sleighs. Vegetables are not in great demand, though many can be raised.

It is too near the pole for the use of much else than heat making foods.

They who have time make flower beds.

The seeds are soon drawn out by the powerful sun, and for a few weeks many flowers cheer the eye.

But time for the cultivation ©f the sesthetical is meagre.

Considering this, it is wonderful to see the amount of culture displayed in the home.

Flowers are one of the necessities of a Norwegian woman's household, and from the conservatory ol the wholesale grocer, and the humblest cot of the poor, geraniums, fuchsias, lilies, myrtles and vines smile at the traveler in their beauty of red, and white and green.

A word about home life.

The people of Nordland are, as a rule, sober, industrious, pious, and a little superstitious.

There are very few infidels, and it is considered a re-'proach to be one.

It does not much matter which of the various sects one belongs to, except, of course, the Mormon, but the Lutheran predominates.

Life is taken seriously.

They have no time for balls or parties.

I now speak of the country as a whole, and not of the two or three cities.

To dance, of course, is a sin, and to indulge in the other amusements of youth is not considered proper for God-fearing Christians.

This naturally comes from the training in the false religious notions.

It seemed to me that the young were not young like they are in Utah, for instance.

There seemed to be no pure, bright sunshine in their lives, but instead a dreary

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

round of monotonous labor.

Perhaps they did not notice it, but I did, and pitied them.

And where the co-education of the sexes is not understood or encouraged as in many of those old countries, social evils are the result.

Evils, which would be greatly lessened, were the boys and girls allowed to intermingle in company under the eyes of the parents and teachers.

Saturday the house is generally cleaned, and Sunday morning the floor is strewed with sand or juniper branches.

Sunday is held in great respect, there being but few Sabbath breakers.

If there is no service in the church, or if it is too stormy to walk or sail there, the family sing their psalms, read their prayers and some sermon from the large collection usually on hand.

The following is an average bill of fare:

Breakfast, rye bread and butter and coffee;

dinner, fish and potatoes, with some kind of soup, often nothing but water thickened with rye or barley flour.

When fresh fish is not at hand, salted herring is eaten with the potatoes.

Meat is eaten as it can be afforded, once or twice a week.

Supper consists of mush and milk.

Fladbrod is eaten with fish soups, etc.

and is one of the staples of Nordland.

This bread is made from unbolted rye and oat flour.

The dough, without yeast, is rolled out to the thickness of thick cardboard, and hurriedly baked on a round iron plate in the huge open fireplace.

This is healthful bread and can be kept indefinitely without spoiling.

A favorite dish is thick milk.

The milk is placed in small pans and then left to thicken with the cream on.

A layer of crushed biscuits and sugar is then sprinkled on top and it is ready for the epicurean.

We learned to relish it, only at times we saw the pans taken down from a shelf in the bedroom, where the windows were fastened and a smoking pipe had filled the room with smoke and then—

.

Such plain, solid food has its effects on the race, and helps to counteract the evils arising from an excessive use of coffee and tobacco.

Generally, five meals are eaten, although two of them, taken in the middle of the fore and afternoon can be classed as lunches.

If you wish to be on good terms with the housewife, a person must eat what is set before him, and as much of it as possible.

CHAPTER XI.

Buildings.—Peat-bogs.—Vikings.—The

Maalstrom.—The Lapps.

"Where do you get your timber to build houses, I asked a carpenter.

"I see that all youtbuildings are o i logs.""Yes; as you know we have no trees large enough for building purposes, so the logs are shipped from the south.

When a man wishes a house he sends his order to a firm, perhaps in Namsos, and the number of logs wanted is loaded on a boat, and it is taken to the buyer."Building logs are sawed to a thickness of four inches.

The houses are erected in the usual manner. A kind of moss is used between the timbers, and the whole is put together solidly.

For roofing, birch bark is mostly used.

This bark is laid on the roof in large square pieces, and then it is A Laplander.

BEYOND

II II'. ARCTIC Clh'CI.I..

covered with sod.

Lately a small shingle has come into use.

In Tromso the usual red tile is used.

The fuel of the north is wood and peat, coal being too expensive for the common people, as it must come from England.

The birch grows to a good size, sometimes six inches in diameter, but there is not enough forest on the hills to furnish wood for all.

The forest owner is very careful of his trees, using them sparingly, and future generations are always considered. Peat-bogsabound, and much is used for fuel.

In July and August when the frost is out of the ground this article is ''harvested.

Men, women and children turn out and revel for a number of days in the bogs.

The man gets down in the hole from last year's work, and with a spade cuts out from the perpendicular walls peat cakes the size of his spade blade and about two inches thick.

This is done horizontally from the surface to the end of the The \ iking Ship.

peat, or until water is reached, a distance of from four to six feet.

These cakes are scattered over the ground to dry, and then piled into a shelter usually on the bog.

The peat is then left until winter, when a load is hauled home whenever it is needed.

The peat is simply compressed leaves, moss, sticks, etc.

, having laid perhaps for ages, and decomposed into a mass.

It burns well when dry..

There is no blaze, but a smoldering fire.

While sailing out on the fjords and around among these northern islands, many are the legends, that are told of prehistoric times, and tales of ancient vikings.

Many a petty king had his rendezvous here, and on the island of Bjerko lived one of Norway's boldest kings and warriors.

This island is small but fertile as it is mostly low land.

Here Tore Hund had his houses, his lands, and his ships in which he sailed down the coast and made war on the southern kings.

Rude, fierce and brave were these old vikings, sons of those who roamed the world for conquest and made even Rome tremble on her hills.

The vikings'ships were open boats as seen in the engraving, but in them they braved the storms at sea, and even crossed the Atlantic to the shores of Iceland, Greenland and Vineland.

The ship that sailed from Norway to the Fair at Chicago, in the summer of 1893, was built after a model of an old ship dug from the earth, where it had lain since viking times.

This model is on exhibition at the university in Christiania.

I remember having read of a dangerous whirlpool said to exist off the coast of Norway called the Maalstrom.

This whirlpool was described as being so strong that ships would be drawn into it, to their destruction.

I asked a number of sea-captains and fishermen about this wonderful place, but

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

found that they were quite ignormerited by a patch of cultivated ant of any such whirlpool.

I found ground.

The latter division consists the simple facts to be, that there of the nomad part of the people, are a number of quite rapid currents, whose principal wealth is the reinsweeping between some of the nardeer.

They move with their herds row channels between the islands, over the hills of the north to the Milking a Reindeer.

These streams are formed by the ebb and flow of the tide, and at times they look like rapidly flowing rivers.

When the current is at its swiftest, sailing vessels must wait until the tide changes if they wish to ascend the stream. One of the most remarkable of these currents is found between two of the Lofoten Islands, where it is said the water flows at the rate of twenty-six miles pier hour.

Of course steamers cannot stem this tide though some adventurous captains have tried it.

This is the famous Maalstrom.

The accompanying illustrations are good pictures of the half civilized inhabitants of the north, viz., the Lapps, who are found in the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Russia.

The Lapps are divided into a number of tribes, the most important of which being the fishing Lapps and the upland Lapps.

The former live along the coast, and exist on the products of the sea, sometimes augbest feeding grounds.

About Easter they come to the Norwegian coast in large numbers, and move back to the uplands of Sweden in the fall.

In summer they live in movable tents of skin, and in winter they have huts of rock and sod.

The Lapps that I saw resemble very much wandering families Indians;

not so much in looks as in their manner of living.

Unlike the Indians, the Laplander is generally small of stature, with a thin wiry body.

He has, however, the bow legs of the Indian, not caused, though, by riding on horseback.

Most of them are very ugly.

The men have shaggy hair and beards, and these tangled locks do not add to their beauty.

Those that I saw seemed to have an aversion to water, as a toilet article.

I was told that they sewed their reindeer skin leggings on tight, and there they stayed until they were worn out.

I believe it.

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

Every morning at Tromso, during the summer, boat loads of Lapps came to the wharf with carcasses of reindeer, which they cut up and sold on the public market square.

Reindeer venison is tender and of excellent taste; but to see those shaggy fellows skin, cut, and carve the deer, did not add any extra flavors to the steak.

Very little of the deer is wasted.

The skin is of value for tents, clothing, bags, etc.

The antlers are used for knife handles, etc., and are sold to tourists.

The sinews are used for thread.

Everything the Lapp does not sell, he takes home to use, goodness knows for what!

The milk of the reindeer is very rich.

Each cow gives about a gill at a milking, I was told, but it is nearly all cream.

Cheese is sometimes made; and in the stores at Tromso it can be bought, a rich, rancid cake, pretty well permeated with the brown hair of the deer.

But that's nothing;

when you are offered a drink of milk at a Lapp encampment, don't hesitate, but blow away the top crust of hairs and drink heartily.

The Norwegian and Swedish governments are paying a great deal of attention to the education of the Lapps.

Schools and churches are now established among them and the

Bible is printed in the Lapp language.

Most of them claim to be Christians.

Some are very fanatical in their religious beliefs.

Not to be an exception to the rule that certain vices follow our modern civilization, these people have acquired the taste for intoxicants, and whisky is consumed to an enormous extent among them.

Tobacco is used extensively, and they drink coffee nearly thick enough to "Float an iron wedge."The Lapps prefer not to mix with the whites and resent any encroachments of the kind.

The virtue of their young is carefully guarded, especially against the evil snares of the white race.

The race is decreasing and no doubt it is but a question of time when there will be but few of them left to roam the hills of the north.

Nephi Anderson.

Take time, boys; don't be in a hurry.

Are you learning a trade?

Determine to be a good workman.

Never slight your work.

Deserve success, and it will come.

As you prove worthy, so will your success be.

^^/- x r.

Jg^jj t rf^jl^??'HHHH A Herd of Reindeer.

VALLEY

FORGE.

A WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY STORY (CONCLUDED).

CHAPTER V.

In pursuance of their mutual plan,

Colonel March and Mrs.

Howard counseled together on the best method of gaining their double object, the betrayal of Lieutenant Courtney to the vengeance of his comrades, and the marriage of Kate to the Britishofficer. They believed that the latter design could be accomplished only through obtaining some proof of Courtney's recreancy to the patriot cause.

This gained, they confidently hoped that Kate's grief, despair and indignation would combine for the accomplishment of Mrs.

Howard's great ambition.

They thought it well first for Mrs.

Howard and Kate to visit the prisoner, in the vague hope that a scene might occur calculated to widen the breach between the former lovers.

They were determined, at all events, that Kate should have no opportunity to explain her position to Courtney, even if she desired it.

Accordingly, as the young officer was reclining moodily on his bed, he was surprised at seeing his former sweetheart and her aunt enter the room.

He tried to rise, but fell back with a groan.

"Do not disturb yourself, Mr.

Courtney,"said Mrs. Howard in her coldest and most formal tone.

"Our visit will be brief.

With the impulsiveness of a young, headstrong man, Courtney replied, *'l am glad indeed."He did not see Kate's look of pain, for his eyes were averted in his attempt to affect indifference.

"The object of our visit can be briefly stated, "continued Mrs. Howard.

''We are grieved to see you in this position—'He interrupted her with a scornful laugh.

"Go on,"he cried.

"We hope to be able to ameliorate your condition.

I suppose you now realize the hopelessness of your cause.""Has it become hopeless,"he asked, "because Miss Kate Somers has deserted it and I have been made prisoner?

Surely, Mrs.

Howard, you overestimate our importance.""O, Lieutenant Courtney—

"Hush, Kate,"interrupted Mrs.

Howard;

"let him speak.""I thank you for the privilege,"said Lieutenant Courtney.

"It is true, the cause of freedom, in which so many nobler men than myself are engaged, is apparently hopeless.

Of late we have been fighting against despotism with but poor success.

I have known for months that the midnight of our cause was approaching, and now it is upon us.

How long it will last, heaven alone knows.

But it will be followed by daylight and the broad noon of success, just as surely as day follows darkness.

Nor will the light be diminished, rather will it be increased by the treason of pretended patriots.

The glory will be shared by few, and hence will be all the brighter in each individual case.""I am sorry,"said Mrs. Howard, ''that you still persist in your rebellion.

I hope for better things of you.

Your continuation in this course will cost you dear, the loss of your liberty, your prospects, perhaps even your life.

A word from you is all that is necessary to place you in possession of your former advantages.

''I realize that, 'he answered, ''and a most worthy example has been set me.

But I cannot follow it.""Aunt, I must speak!"cried Kate.

"Not a word!"said Mrs. Howard fiercely.

"No, not a word until I finish what I have to say, 'said Lieutenant Courtney, mistaking the girl's intention.

"First, to Mrs.

Howard:

I treat your offer and you with supreme indifference and contempt, and defy you to use any power you can

VALLEY FORGE, command against me.

Now to Miss Somers:

Two years ago I left you to go to the war, and you bedewed your last kiss with tears, expressing sorrow which I know was unfeigned.

Your brother accompanied me, and as we stood, each of us holding one of your hands, you swore that until freedom's cause was won, your heart would be divided, half of it going to your country and half to me.

I was contented with that half, for I knew that ere long all would be mine.

Many and many a time have Tom Somers and I talked of you and of our future.

Not once did a shadow of doubt of your faithfulness enter our minds until we heard that you were living with the tory, Mrs. Howard.

Tom was indignant at my mentioning the possibility of your treason, and I half repented doing so."She tried to interrupt him, but he told her he would hear all she had to say when he had finished.

At this juncture, Colonel March, attracted by the somewhat impassioned conversation, came to the door of the room, and stood listening without.

Lieutenant Courtney went on.

"Only that night, I was sent to Philadelphia on a mission of great importance to our cause.

As I walked through the streets, a sound of feasting and revelry attracted my attention, and out of mere curiosity I looked through the window.

It is unnecessary for me to tell you what I saw, lor the scene, Colonel March almost kneeling at your feet, while he raised your hand to his lips, must be fresh upon your memory."Again she tried to interrupt, but he told her to await the completion of his account.

"The events between that night and yesterday are familiar to you.

Every bond between us was forever broken, and hence I speak to you now only as a stranger and not as friend, except with reference to one event.

Colonel March sent some of his officers to our winter quarters last night to capture me, for what purpose I do not know.

His object was accomplished, but not until one of our brave men lay gasping under a mortal wound, and I had received this scratch.

That man, who died in my arms, had walked for hours in the frozen snow, his foot, prints red with his blood.

He had suffered intensely from the cold, but in spite of that he had kept up his spirits and his courage.

That man, against whom and his cause you have proven recreant—'"I have not!"she cried.

"I saw you receive the attentions of his enemy,"he hotly exclaimed.

The door flew open, and Colonel March burst into the room.

"You were a spy!"he cried.

Kate shrieked in her despair, while Lieutenant Courtney answered sarcastically, "Yes, I confess, however, that my part in witnessing the scene was more honorable than the part of either actor. You cannot frighten me,"he continued, amid the sobs and cries of the girl.

"Perhaps I shall meet a spy's fate.

I hope so.

But Kate Somers, I have this to say:

That man, who with his last breath whispered your name, was your brother, slain in the cause you have basely deserted Knowing your faithlessness, I shall gladly follow him!"With a despairing cry Kate swooned.

Colonel March caught her in his arms and bore her from the room, followed by her indignant and lamenting aunt.

The taunts of the young lieutenant, half insane with rage and the pain of his wound, accompanied them.

"Yes,"he cried, "even in insensibility your preference for gaudy dress and comfort is shown.

But freedom's time will come, though I do not share it, and then beware!"CHAPTER VI.

Colonel March bore Miss Somers to his spacious sitting room, where through the united efforts of her aunt and him, she was soon restored to consciousness.

With conscious-

VALLEY FORGE.

ness came the memory of the shock she had just sustained.

Her grief at the death of her brother and the unjust accusation of her lover, her consciousness that by one act she had brought about both; her despair at ever regaining his confidence;

her knowledge of the danger to which she and Lieutenant Courtney were exposed in the hands of her unscrupulous aunt and the selfish Colonel March, combined to render her almost beside herself.

"Let me go to him again,"she cried.

"He will listen to me now if only for my brother's sake.""He showed great willingness to listen to you,"said her aunt ironically.

"When you would have explained your action, he brutally interrupted, and would listen to nothing.

I verily believe he is insane through his fanaticism for the cause of rebellion.

If not a permanent, at least a temporary madness is upon him, which you will do well to avoid.""Tt is not madness.

He is suffering through my actions, and is magnifying everything into undue proportions, all but my brother's death: grief for that cannot be exaggerated.

The poor girl wept bitterly.

The veriest clod becomes soft and pliant under the influence of gentle rain.

So even an unsympathetic and obstinate nature is softened by the tears of sincere grief.

Mrs. Howard and Colonel March maintained a respectful silence during this outburst.

When Kate had become more calm, they plied her with all manner of ingenious arguments to induce her to desert the American cause.

She was told of its helplessness, of the great strength of England, of the determination of the king and the ministry to carry on the war to a successful issue, of the inexhaustible resources at their command with which to accomplish this object, and of the unmistakable evidences of the approaching end of the struggle.

Against all these arguments she at first stood firm, declaring that even if she knew the patriot cause to be hopeless, yet would she cling to it and sink with it in ruin.

"Is the justice of a cause to be measured by its success?"she asked.

"No, our work is unselfish and pure, and its rightfulness is not to be doubted on account of failure.

But it will not fa The God who rules the destinies of nations and peoples will not permit our work to pass into oblivion and the unjust disgrace of failure.

It shall yet become the inspiration of millions of the sons of God now groaning under oppression, while the acts of such as you shall be declared tyrannical,"this word directed against Colonel March, ''and treasonable,"she finished the sentence against her aunt.

The color of both heightened at the words she uttered, but she was perfectly imperturbable.

"You know,"said the colonel, mastering his anger and addressing her in a low tone, "that I have full power over you and the man you call your lover, though he has forfeited his right to so gentlemanly a title.

He has been a spy, as shown by his own confession.

You are in sympathy with him, and hence a partaker of his guilt.

To make your position worse, he himself has lost confidence in you, and treats you as his enemy.

After you had fainted at his words, he followed you with the threat that if his cause triumphs, you must beware.

Even if you desired, do you think you could regain his friendship?""Yes, sometime,"answered the girl.

"If not here, then I must wait until all things are made clear and right; when faithfulness shall be rewarded and treason punished.

Colonel March, I recognize and acknowledge your power;

I cannot mistake your willingness to make full use of it.

But surely you have some feeling of mercy left?'"Not for such as Lieutenant Courtney.

His fate is sealed unless you purchase his safety."

VALLEY FORGE.

To this threat were added her aunt's protestations, pleadings and commands.

Colonel March pressed his suit with all clue earnestness.

Attempts were made to awaken her resentment toward her lover; but her patriotism remained unshaken, and her faith that he would yet understand her and appreciate her worth, was undiminished.

Yet she felt that in order to effect the release of her lover, and secure his safety and her own, it would be necessary for her to counterfeit yielding, lest quick vengeance should reach them both.

Therefore, after much persuasion, she told them to await her answer, upon which she would decide in a day or two.

With unfeigned joy they left her.

Colonel March went to his prisoner, and found him much calmer, though suffering considerable pain.

"I have come to offer you my ultimatum,"said the Colonel.

"I have nothing to say against what you are pleased to call your patriotism.

Whether it is such or not is a matter of opinion.

It is your judgment and your determination which I desire to change.

The king needs such men as you.

I desire your friendship.

I admire your courage, even in a hopeless cause, and cannot but think how brightly it would shine on our side, unobscured by the clouds of failure and disgrace.

You have refused to change your allegiance;

do you still persist in this determination?"Lieutenant Courtney assented.

"Then.

I very much regret the necessity for my action.

My duty must be performed.

You are a selfconfessed spy.

You know how such men are treated.

Besides, you are an avowed enemy to the king and a rebel against his authority.

While you would be a valuable man in our service, you are too dangerous to be allowed to assist our enemies.

Much as I regret it, you must die.""I thank you heartily,"said Lieutenant Courtnev.

"I feel that I shall be able to do more good to the cause by dying than by living for it.

have greater incentives to lose my life than to use it for freedom.""Miss Somers has taken the course of wisdom "Do not mention Miss Somers'name again!"hotly exclaimed the patriot.

"I have dismissed it from my memory, and do not wish it recalled.

Her treason is dismissed from my mind with her name.

The memory of both is distasteful to me.

The only comfort you have brought me, is the knowledge that I shall not live to witness the completion of her downfall.

I have suffered enough as it is."The British officer was fain to retire, baffled by the patriotism and incorruptibility of the young Lieutenant.

CHAPTER VII.

Kate's feelings were indescribable.

In the course of a few days she had been lowered from the heights of happiness and expectancy to the depths of despair and sorrow.

Her lover, for whom she would have hazarded her life, suspected her.

She could not understand why he had not heeded the letters she had sent him, declaring herself true to him and to her country.

Three of these had been written and sent, but she was not aware of her aunt's orders that none should go to him without inspection.

She therefore half inclined to the belief that her lover had been almost deranged by his suffering of body and mind, and that she must await his complete recovery before he would or could understand her.

Two duties confronted her, which she realized must be performed at once.

One was to acquaint her lover with her true feeling toward him; the other, to effect his release.

She fully understood the difficulties and dangers attending the performance of either, but she boldly deter-

VALLEY FORGE.

mined to face these and effect her purpose.

It was necessary for her to dissemble her true feelings to acquire certain liberties which under other circumstances her aunt would be most unwilling to grant her.

Accordingly, she sent for her aunt.

As Mrs.

Howard entered the room, Kate threw herself into her arms and with half feigned, half real sobs, declared herself willing to yield to the pressure of circumstances and acknowledge her error.

"I have become thoroughly convinced,"said Kate, "of the selfishness and obstinacy of Lieutenant Courtney.

I have tried to explain to him my feelings, and assure him of my truth.

I wrote three letters, telling him that his suspicions were too hastily formed, but he has disregarded my word and has doubted my sincerity.

I owe him no allegiance, and the cause he represents can claim no more of my sympathy.

Henceforth I am ready to obey you.

Mrs. Howard was delighted.

She embraced her niece with fervor.

Kate, however, could see through her aunt's professions of friendship, and she fully understood that it would be a game without scruple and conscience;

she was fully prepared to take her part in it.

As she had expected, her aunt lost no time in communicating the news to Colonel March, who was soon at the Howard mansion.

Kate received him demurely, and so well did she feign pleasure at his attentions, that his doubts were entirely alleviated.

He believed that a new convert had been made to toryism.

When he departed, Kate began making preparations for her risky venture.

She knew that to appear too aggressive would be fatal to the success of her plan;

therefore she carefully watched her opportunity for safe action.

It came very soon.

One servant in the household of Mrs.

Howard, unknown to his employer, remained firmly faithful to the patriot cause.

Accordingly, when he learned of the treason of Miss Somers, he went to her at once to tell her of his intended departure.

Kate waited until he had told her of his intention, when in low confidential tones, she explained her true feelings.

He was overjoyed, and at her request, prommised to ass; st her in any way in his power.

"Then, I want you to give my aunt notice that you will leave immediately.

Tell her the reason.

Say you are so disgusted with my actions that you can no longer stay.

She will storm and fume, and threaten to turn you over to the British.

This is as I desire it.

You will then be more willing and cautious in carrying out the rest of my design.

It will cause no suspicion of me when you flee from the city, apparently in great fear, and go to Valley

Forge.

There you must place yourself in the hands of General Washington, and acquaint him with the danger of Lieutenant Courtney.

He will give upon application a detail of men, whom you will lead to the residence of Mr.

Barlow.

There you must await my further orders.

The young man seemed pleased with the plan and entered heart and soul into its execution.

As Kate had predicted, her aunt almost cursed herself for having kept a pestilent rebel in her employ for so long, and upon his scathing denunciation of Kate's action, he was at once dismissed and warned to leave the city.

On his arrival at Valley Forge, he was taken into custody and brought before the Commander-in-chief, to whom he related his story.

Washington told of the anxiety the disappearance of Lieutenant Courtney had caused him, and at once set about appointing the necessary men to effect the young officer's release from his perilous position.

"Tell the young lady,"said the kind-hearted general, "that my hearty support is hers in the venture, and that she may make my headquarters her home until she sees

VALLEY FORGE.

another opening."This message the men carried to the residence of Mr.

Barlow, where Kate Somers welcomed their arrival.

CHAPTER VIII.

Her first order was that one of them should exchange his uniform for the civilian's dress she had brought with her, while she clothed herself in the uniform, arming herself with a pistol.

A reconnoitering party was despatched to the residence of Colonel March, with orders to capture one of the traitorous bluecoats who were doing his bidding.

One was soon brought in, and she questioned him closely concerning the arrangements at the house of Colonel March, and the signals necessary to be given for admittance, as also the information he was bearing to the colonel.

He was warned that if proven to be deceiving them, no mercy would be shown him—an argument which is always effectual with traitors.

Therefore he gave without reserve the required information.

This obtained, he was secured as a prisoner in the house, while the party proceeded under cover of the darkness to Colonel March's headquarters.

Arrived there, Miss Somers ordered them to stand just without the house, until she could gain access, when they were to make the same signal at the door, enter, and quietly overpower the sentinel stationed there, while she engaged the colonel in conversation.

This done, they were to proceed to the room occupied by Lieutenant

Courtney, where circumstances should determine their action.

All preliminaries arranged, Miss Somers went to the door and demanded admittance. She was allowed to enter, and under her disguise was presented to the colonel.

Then for the first time did she fully realize how intriguing an army officer may become for the purpose of learning his enemy's plans, and her contempt for the colonel was greatly heightened by the discovery.

Having continued the conversation as long as she considered necessary, she made an excuse to lead him to Lieutenant Courtney's room.

Her heart-beats were rapid and loud as she approached the culmination of her plot, lor she then began to realize fully what was hanging in the balance.

At the same time, she was nerved to the magnitude of the danger, and her selfpossession was astonishingly great.

The men were hidden in the shadows of the great hall as the colonel and his companion approached Lieutenant Courtney's door.

It was opened, and the captive officer was discovered sitting at a table, his head bowed upon his hands.

The two entered.

Miss Somers turned toward the patriot officer and uttered a sharp cry, the signal for the soldiers to enter.

As they did so, she drew her pistol and covered the astonished Colonel March, ordering him to remain silent and still at the peril of his life.

"Lieutenant Courtney,"she called, "I release you from your imprisonment;

your friends are here to accompany you back to camp."Colonel March was a brave man.

In spite of the warning of the girl, whom he still believed to be an American soldier, he drew his pistol and fired at her.

With a shriek, in which she did not disguise her natural voice, she fell into Lieutenant Courtney's arms.

As she did so, her long hair became disengaged from under her soldier's cap, and fell in wavy masses upon her shoulders.

"Kate Somers!"cried the astonished lieutenant.

"Kate Somers!"echoed Colonel March, and it scarcely needed one of the ten musket balls which entered his body, to send him lifeless to the floor.

All this had happened in so short a time that there was no chance for organized opposition to the party as it escaped from the house.

The wounded girl was tenderly carried

VALLEY FORGE.

out and taken to the home of Mr.

Barlow, where she was kept in complete seclusion in charge of her lover, until they should become strong enough to leave the city, as it was not considered safe for either of them to remain in Philadelphia longer than was absolutely necessary.

Her wound was found to be so slight that hardly a day's inconvenience would be caused by it.

Both told the story of their trials and sufferings, and each seemed strengthened by the other's recital.

"Kate, Kate, my darling, how was I so cruelly deceived?

What a brute I was to denounce you on such evidence!"She nestled contentedly in his embrace.

"My poor boy, you have been entangled in a web of false accusation, which I have just been able to unravel.

My aunt has been the chief conspirator, and she and

Colonel March have taken especial pains to deceive you.

But it is past now.

Your suspicions will not fall on me again.

I hope I have fully atoned for the one mistake of my life."He folded her in his arms, and they talked in subdued whispers about poor Tom, and his sacrifice for the cause of liberty.

Their souls blended together in sympathy and love, and their mutual faith and confidence augured well for their future.

Two days later they departed for Valley Forge.

Both had practically recovered from their wounds, and felt glad to escape from the environment of the British to the camp of the patriots.

It was the twentysecond of February, Washington's birthday.

As the two rode toward the headquarters of the general, they saw him mingling with his soldiers, cheering them in their terrible afflictions, and sharing their sorrows and sufferings.

They felt that they had caught the true spirit of Washington's birthday in seeing him on its forty-sixth anniversary partaking of the toils, pains, and dangers of even the humblest under his command.

for it breathed forth the true spirit of patriotism and democracy, which has made his name a universal and his birthday a national pride.

He welcomed them cordially and conducted them to his headquarters, where their story was told him.

He entered fully into sympathy with them, and in his confidence they had all the reward necessary for the work they had done for their country.

The rest of our story is soon told.

General Washington was so pleased with Kate Somers, that he told her to make Mount Vernon her home as long as might be necessary.

Mrs.

Howard died intestate the following year, and all her immense property fell to her niece.

The British were driven out of Philadelphia in the spring of 1778, and finally out of the entire country.

In 1783 Washington resigned his commission, and the disbanding of the victorious army released Edward Courtney, then a colonel, from his duty.

In accordance with the general's wish, his fifty-second birthday was celebrated by the wedding of the two whose hearts had remained so true during the long, dreary war. The ceremony was performed at Mount Vernon, after which Colonel and Mrs. Courtney took up their residence in the Howard mansion at Philadelphia.

Throughout a long, happy, and prosperous life, they never missed the appropriate celebration of the the birthday of him who was "first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen."Amateur.

No man can enjoy a success who has never made a failure.

It is not work that kills men;

it is worry.

Work is healthy: you can hardly put more upon a man than he can bear.

Worry is rust upon the blade.

It is not the revolution that destroys the machinery, but the friction.

Fear secretes acids; but love and trust are sweet juices.

SHINING

LIGHTS.

HOW THEY ACQUIRED BRIGHTNESS.

HON.

H.

P. HENDERSON.

The agitation, turmoil and changes which society under a republican form of government, is constantly undergoing, are very likely to bring men to their proper level, sooner or later.

This is especially true of frontier communities in the United States, of which Utah may yet be classed as one; and more especially still is it true of this Territory, since the "division came."The conditions that have been created since the suffragists of this commonwealth were divided on national political lines, are of a character to bring quickly into prominence men whose abilities entitle them to recognition, and to relegate to obscurity those who have heretofore held positions of honor or power for which they were not fitted by their personal qualifications.

The ebbing and flowing, the surging and settling of the social and political waters, under a government like ours affect the fortunes and standing of most men who occupy stations in life that make them objects of attention on the part of their fellow-citizens;

but others again steadily retain their places in the esteem of the people, through a long series of fluctuations in popular sentiment respecting public men and measures.

There are men who, when they once secure the confidence of their fellow-citizens, never lose it;

whose opponents even usually speak of them respectfully.

Hon. Henry Perry Henderson is one of these.

Early in his career in Utah, he won popular respect, and changes which have since occurred, in social and political conditions, have not lessened it.

For four years after his arrival he occupied a position that required him to antagonize the views and interests of a majority of his fellow-citizens in a manner that resulted in great suffering to many of them; but he is today held in no less esteem among them, and among all the people of the Territory, on that account.

This fact attests two things:

He is a man whose worth is conceded;

and the bulk of the people of Utah so love justice that they mete it out impartially to former and present foes and friends.

The subject of this sketch is the son of Perry Henderson and Huldah

Christian, whose children numbered six sons and one daughter.

The latter and two of the sons are living, but four sons are dead.

The father was of New England stock, but his more remote ancestors were from Scotland;

the mother was of the good old Knickerbocker stock of northern New York.

The parents resided in Onondaga County, New York, when their son, Henry P., was born, which event occurred on September 22, 1843;

but two years later the family removed to Michigan, settling in Le Roy township, Ingham

County.

They removed to Mason in the same county, in 1854, which has been the family home ever since.

Perry* Henderson and his wife are both living there still.

He is hale, hearty and active, and is widely known in his part of the state.

For many years he was sheriff, and he has taken a prominent part in public affairs in his neighborhood ever since he settled there.

The boy Henry grew up on his father's farm, and his early life was characterized by the labors, conditions and experiences usual to farmers'sons in thrifty sections of the great west.

He attended the district school at Mason, and afterwards went to an academy at Lansing, the state capital.

When older he attended the Michigan Agricultural College, but did not remain there a sufficient length of time to graduate.

While still in his teens he developed

SHINING LIGHTS.

a taste for politics, and was an officeholder at the age of twenty;

in 1863-4 ne was deputy county clerk, and had entire charge of the office.

In the fall of 1864, having barely attained his majority, he* was elected county clerk for the term of two elected a member of the common council of Mason, serving during the years 1867-8-9.

In he was chosen prosecuting attorney of Ingham

County.

A local newspaper declared in effect that he left the office at the end of his term with the

Judge Henby P. Hendebson.

years, beginning January 1st, 1865.

While holding this position he studied law, and about the time his term expired, in 1867, he was admitted to the bar, and entered upon active practice.

At about this time also he was reputation ol having filled it as well as it had ever been filled.

After having served a first term of two years he declined a second nomination, preferring to give his time and energies to his private practice, which was becoming extensive.

SHINING LIGHTS.

In he became a member of the school board of the cit) of Mason, and retained the position for fourteen years.

In he was elected on the Democratic ticket to the state legislature, in what had been a strong Republican district;

and as a legislator he was recognized as possessing clear perception and sound judgment.

In 1880 he was a candidate on the Democratic ticket for the office of attorney general of

Michigan, but was defeated with his party.

He continued in the practice of his profession, his home being in Mason, until August, 1886, when he was appointed by President Cleveland, associate justice of Utah.

Immediately after being appointed he came to his new field of labor and took up his residence in Ogden, having been assigned to what was then the northern branch of the First Judicial District.

He qualified August 28, 1886, and entered upon the discharge of his judicial duties at a time when the work of prosecuting polygamists was being pushed with great vigor by the United States marshal and his deputies, and the United States attorney and his assistants.

Of his policy on the bench during the historic epoch in Utah known as "the raid,"it may be said that while it was by no means either mild or temporizing, it was less severe than that of some other judges who administered the law during that terrible period.

His conception of his duty impelled him to a course characterized by firmness in dealing with offenders against the anti-polygamy laws; and while the justifiableness of what he did as a judge will probably remain a historic theme of difference and discussion, he is generally conceded to have been, as a man, conscientious and upright.

.

Aside from the enforcement of the laws of congress against the marriage system of the Latter-day Saints, it has been universally conceded, by all classes of citizens in the Territory, that his course as a judge was characterized by ability and fairness, and not a suspicion was ever cast on his reputation for probity and integrity.

In the hearing of a case he usually displayed a* care, bordering upon anxiety, to be just and impartial;

and attorneys and litigants as a rule had great confidence in him.

Barring such criticisms as grew out of the course pursued by the general government, and its officers in this Territory, in the suppression of a feature of the religious faith and practice of the Latter-day Saints, Judge Henderson's administration of his high and responsible office as associate justice of Utah, reflects credit and distinction upon him.

He served the full term of four years, alternately holding court in Ogden and Provo, as the law required.

When, in the fall of 1890, the expiration of his commission made him a private citizen, he formed a law partnership with Arthur Brown, Esq., a leading member of the Utah bar, removed his home to Salt Lake City, where the firm's office is, and at once entered upon an extensive and lucrative practice, in which he is still engaged.

When the agitation began which culminated in the division of the voters of the Territory on national political lines, he supported the movement enthusiastically, and as a leader in the organization of the Democratic party in the Territory, was second to none in energy or influence.

His merits in this regard were recognized and rewarded by his election in as president of the Democratic societies of Utah, a position of honor and prestige which he still occupies.

Ever since the rise of the division movement in the fall of 1890, he has been an able and indefatigable worker in the interests of his political principles;

not as a politician merely, but as publicist of an elevated type, who, feeling a profound conviction that prevalence of his views will greatly benefit his

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES S

ZANE.

fellow citizens, labors zealously and disinterestedly to propagate them.

In 1869, Judge Henderson, then a young lawyer, led to the nuptial altar Miss Josephine Turner, a young lady of excellent family.

Her brother, Stanley W.

Turner, is at the present time attorney general of Michigan, and a prominent and influential man in the Republican councils of the state.

Throughout this Territory at the present time, Judge Henderson is recognized as a lawyer of marked ability; but it is in the capacity of a political orator that he is most admired.

In the campaign rostrum, particularly if the contest is of an educational or intellectual character, he displays rare ability.

As a reasoner and logician he is acute and comprehensive, and as a speaker he exercises a persuasive and convincing power and that gives him great influence over reflecting minds.

In Henry P. Henderson the young men of Utah have still another example of success in life, and an illustration of the methods by which it is achieved.

With no unusual advantages in early life, he rapidly advanced Irom one position of trust and honor among his fellow-citizens to another.

Under circumstances that were well calculated to place him at great disadvantage among the large majority of his fellow-citizens in Utah, he entered upon, and for four years continued an official career in their midst, during which he enforced laws that * brought the severest suffering into thousands of homes within his jurisdiction.

But notwithstanding all this he moves in this community today, a man whose worth is recognized by all classes;

whose influence grows stronger as his fellow-citizens know him better, and whose declining years promise the enjoyment of the rewards of a wellspent youth and prime, in the esteem of mankind and the pecuniary competence which comes of hard work and good habits.

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES S. ZANE.

WITH REMINISCENCES OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

Perhaps it is yet too soon after the close of the terrible contest from which they so recently emerged, for men in Utah, who were formerly opponents, to judge each other justly.

With some the enthusiasm and joy which they feel at the reconciliation, tend to self-abnegation on the part of the individual, and an overrating of the merits of those whom he lately regarded as his enemies; while with others recollections of the past are not sufficiently dimmed to enable the person retaining them to give to his erstwhile antagonists the credit they actually deserve.

It was a terrible contest.

Now, under the reign of peace and good fellowship, when amity and cordiality have so completely displaced the heart-burnings and enmities of former years, the Utonian, no matter of what sect or party, looks back upon it with feelings akin to those he would experience at recalling the hideous phantasies of a raging fever, which nearly burned out his life, and filled his mind with strange and savage fancies that would never have been conceived by it during a state of bodily health.

One party believed that the religious system adhered to by the other was morally wrong, and fraught with menace to the home circles and government of the American people, and that it was their duty to antagonize it until at least those features of it most obnoxious to them should be abolished.

The adherents of that relie-

IHOGNAMY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

ious system, on the other hand, believed that it was morally right, that it embraced the only means by which the human race could be elevated out of its fallen condition, and that it had been given to them by direct revelation from heaven.

Out of this vast central issue there sprung many others, of greater or less magnitude; and the people were divided socially and commercially, as well as religiously and politically.

Until God shall confer upon man the right to judge his fellow, the members of each of these two parties are morally bound to concede honesty and sincerity to the members of the other.

Undoubtedly there were many individual cases of hypocrisy.

The strife was utilized for the furtherance of unworthy personal ends in very many instances.

But the great controversy was genuine as to the bulk of those who favored either side of it.

To ask why such an issue was ever raised in Utah, is to open up, with a single and a simple query, the whole religious history of the human race.

Men believe;

and the faith that is in them prompts them to action.

Their efforts accord with their faith.

Religious questions fire their zeal as no others can, and under the effects of that zeal they will either inflict or endure, as the case may be, measureless suffering and misery.

From time to time similar contests will be inaugurated in different parts of the earth until the whole human race learns the lesson of true liberty, namely that the only limit of the freedom of the individual is the boundary of the rights of his fellow, and that this no man may cross.

Of the controversy which had its seat in Utah and spread into adjoining states and territories, wherever Mormons were found, in a literal and practical way that made good citizens personal enemies of each other, it is not too much to say that not one of greater magnitude ever agitated the minds of men in any epoch, with the possible exception of the doctrine of the atonement.

Religion and liberty, causes in which more blood has been shed than in all others combined that have impelled men to go to war, were both involved in it.

It orginated questions of law that the most perfect of modern systems of jurisprudence could not cope with, and the moral philosophers of the time were stunned by the problems of ethics which it presented.

It convulsed the enlightened world;

and while sufficient time has not yet elapsed for its full results as effecting the civilization of the age to be developed or become apparent, a decade or two will prove it to have been the cause of mighty effects upon the thought, morals and legislation of subsequent years.

Even slavery will, by that time, be given a second place as a problem which taxed the moral, legal and intellectual resources, and the statesmanship, of the nineteenth century.

For reasons above intimated, any attempt at this time to give to Hon.

Charles S.

Zane a just place and rating in the history of Utah, of which his biography comprises so important a chapter, will be attempted with difficulty and will provoke criticism.

Not sufficient time has yet elapsed for a calm, mature and impartial opinion to be pronounced upon him by the people among whom he, for a term of years, presented so striking a figure; such an opinion as all the fair and honest among that people could endorse.

Some will feel inclined to over-praise him;

others will refuse to concede to him that honesty of purpose and conviction for which he ought to have credit, while in the minds of a third class there will lurk a fear that, notwithstanding the fair aspect the social and political future of Utah now presents, the legal precedence established under Judge Zane's administration, are liable, like evil and restless spirits, to return again to vex us.

One thing is fully apparent:

Chief

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

Justice Zane will retain for all time a pre-eminent place in the history of Utah; and it is not improbable that he, like Cromwell and Napoleon, will always be a subject of controversy in respect to the justifiableness of his course.

Charles Shuster Zane was the youngest of a family of eleven children, and was born March 2, 1831, in Maurice River township, Cumberland

County, New Jersey.

His father was a native of Mullica Hill, Gloucester County, in the same state.

The family was founded in America by three or four brothers who emigrated from England to New Jersey, one of whom was Charles S.

Zane's great-grandfather, and several successive generations of the family lived in the same region.

Charles'father was*, farmer and rented for many years a farm on what is called East Point, a cape formed by Maurice River and Delaware Bay, which was the home where Charles and his brothers and sisters were born and reared.

The maiden name of their mother was Mary Franklin.

She was distantly related to Benjamin Franklin, yet had a strain of Swiss tlood in her veins.

She died when her youngest child was nine years old.

Until he reached the age of seventeen, Charles attended school during the winter and did farm-work in the summer.

On reaching that age he went to Philadelphia where he remained about a year, most of which time he was employed in a grocery store owned by his cousin.

He then returned to the old home, and for a time was employed in the construction of a light-house on

East Point.

In the spring of 1850, at the age of nineteen, he left New Jersey for Illinois, where it was his purpose to settle.

He located in Sangamon County, about fifteen miles from Springfield, the capital of the state, and made his home with his eldest brother, who had been living there since 1837.

For a time he worked on a farm, and he also engaged in making brick.

The farm on which he was employed was adjacent to that of PeterCartwright, the celebrated revivalist, who had a national fame and a marvelously powerful and penetrating voice.

It is asserted that, when the atmosphere was in a favorable condition, he could be heard for miles when calling his hogs.

In the fall of 1852, the young man entered McKendreek College, which was in St.

Clair County, Illinois, and about twenty miles east of St.

Louis.

He prosecuted his studies here for three years, but did not complete the course so as to graduate.

During one vacation he taught school, an occupation he continued for between one and two years after leaving college.

While teaching he read law, and in 1856, he determined to pursue his legal studies in the office of some good lawyer.

This was when Abraham Lincoln and William H.

Herndon were law partners in Springfield,

Illinois, under the firm name of Lincoln & Herndon.

At the office of this firm, on July 16, 1856, young Charles S.

Zane made his first application.

He saw Mr. Herndon but not Mr.

Lincoln, whom he had never met.

The firm were unable to make an opening for him, and Mr. Herndon recommended him to apply to J.

C.

Conkling, another prominent lawyer in the city.

This time the young man was successful.

Mr.

Conkling became his preceptor, and in less than a year he was admitted to the bar.

The office of Lincoln & Herndon was on the second floor, and immediately on being admitted, the young man opened an office on the third floor of the same building, immediately over theirs.

Daily he met and associated with these two giants of the legal arena, and he has an intensely interesting fund of reminiscences of the

Emancipator and his partner.

Judge Zane says of Mr.

Herndon that he was a very brilliant man.

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

He would say most eloquent things in the course of an ordinary conversation, and when before a jury would exert a marvelous power.

Yet he had a way of dropping from the sublime to the ridiculous which indicated a lack of the elements necessary to real intellectual greatness.

He wrote a life of Lincoln.

Of his first sight of the future president Judge Zane gives the following account During the presidential campaign of 1856, a political meeting was held in Springfield a few days after young

Mr. Zane had become a student in Lawyer Conkling's office. The meeting was in the interest of the Republican party and its candidate for president, John C. Fremont.

Some time after the meeting had been opened, a tall man, whom the lawstudent did not recognize, entered and took a seat in the rear of the hall.

Two or three speeches had been made, including one by Mr.

Conkling, when there were calls for Mr.

Lincoln.

Then the tall man rose and talked about fifteen minutes.

After the meeting was over, Dr.

Atherton, an old friend of the young law student, asked the latter what he thought of Lincoln.

"I think he is the greatest man I ever saw,"replied the young man.

"And I have never changed my mind,"said Judge

Zane as he related the incident to the writer, a short time since.

Concerning the first nomination of

Lincoln for president, Judge Zane relates the following:

"One morning in the spring of i860, while the Republican national convention was in session in Chicago, I dropped into the law office of Lincoln Herndon.

My own office was just over their's on the next floor, in the same building.

Lincoln was not in, but several gentlemen were present, among them being a lawyer named

Rosette, who had just come from Chicago, and who stated that he had heard Judge Davis say that, in the latter's opinion, Lincoln's chances for the presidential nomination were good.

This Judge Davis was Hon.

David Davis, who became a justice of the United States supreme court, and afterwards United States senator from Illinois.

Mr.

Rosette soon left the office, and a little later Lincoln came in.

Addressing those present, of whom I was one, he said:

"Well boys, have you heard anything from Chicago this morning?"

Some one replied that Dr.

Wallace, who was Lincoln's brother-in-law, had been in

Chicago the previous day, where he had witnessed a monster procession carrying the Seward flag, and had brought word to Springfield that, in his opinion, Seward would be nominated.

"But what does Judge Davis think?"asked Lincoln;

"I have great confidence in his Judgment."I then related what Mr.

Rosette had stated, and Lincoln said but little after hearing it.

"Just then a reporter on the Springfield Journal, an influential Republican paper, entered the office and handed to Lincoln a dispatch which stated that the names of candidates had been presented to the convention, and that Lincoln's name was greeted with louder applause than any of the others.

This circumstance might be accounted for on the ground that Illinois men, who were generally favorable to Lincoln's candidacy, had crowded into the galleries in large numbers, and on hearing his name, had given a prolonged and tremendous round of applause.

"Presently the party of gentlemen in the office, including Lincoln and myself, started to go to the Journal office, thinking to there learn the latest news from Chicago.

On the way we passed the telegraph office and as we did so a messenger handed to Lincoln a dispatch announcing the result of the first ballot.

The candidates were Seward, Cameron, Chase, Bates and Lincoln.

Seward led strongly, but each can-

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

didate had numerous friends in the convention.

Presently another telegram was received which gave the result of the second ballot.

Lincoln was gaining.

''The party went on to the Journal office and sat around there awhile, when William Davis, an old friend of Lincoln's, the reporter and myself went back to the telegraph office.

The reporter went behind the railing where Lincoln and a number of other gentlemen were sitting, waiting for news, when the reporter, waving the telegram over his head, shouted 'Three cheers for our next president!'"On being made acquainted with the contents of the telegram, Lincoln showed no symptoms of excitement.

He remained perfectly calm and collected and observed:

'When f>;.

Judge Charles S. Zane.

and snatched up a dispatch which the operator had just written out.

I asked the operator what the dispatch contained.

He replied that it stated that Lincoln had been nominated.

Davis asked the reporter how it looked for Lincoln, referring to the dispatch.

The reporter was determined to surprise Lincoln, and replied:

'It looks d d bad.'We three walked into the Journal office I saw the second dispatch I knew this would come.'A gentleman from Boston who was present remarked:

'Now, Mr.

Lincoln, you ought to have your life written.'Lincoln replied:

T don't see much in my life to write about.

At length Lincoln remarked:

'There's a little lady down town more interested in this than I am.

I guess I'll take the dispatch and show it to her,'or

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE words to that effect, referring to his wife.

He left the Journal office, and proceeded towards his home.

The news of his nomination spread like wildfire, and as he walked along many acquaintances stopped him, shook his hand and congratulated him."As is well known Lincoln possessed considerable mechanical ingenuity, and a marked appreciation of the useful and original in mechanical inventions.

Judge Zane relates a pleasant incident illustrative of his cast of mind in this regard:

A morning or two after the political meeting was held at which Judge Zane first saw Lincoln, as above narrated, the latter dropped into Lawyer

Conkling's office, in which the former was a law student.

Mr. Conkling introduced the young man to the future president, which was their first personal meeting.

A brief chat ensued in relation to pending political matters, when Lincoln left, and proceeded toward the post office.

Young Mr.

Zane followed him a moment later, intent on getting his mail.

Between Mr. Conkling's office and the post office there was a vacant lot, and when the young man approached this spot he noticed a singular appearing machine standing on the unoccupied ground, the like of which he had never seen before.

It was a reaper, a self raker and was a new invention.

Lincoln was down on his knees carefully examining the mechanism of the machine, and he continued so occupied until the young man had passed him.

When the latter reached the vacant lot, on his return from the post office, Lincoln was sitting on the pole of the reaper, and was explaining its construction and operation to a group of half-a- dozen men.

Young Mr. Zane joined the group and listened to Lincoln as he described the various parts of the machine, and their purpose and mode of operating, and so clear was

Lincoln's comprehension and description of the then wonderful and complicated mechanism, that the young man felt satisfied he understood quite well how it was constructed and how it operated.

While talking to the group about him, Lincoln's phraseology was simple and homely, but conveyed his meaning very clearly, and his manner was as unaffected and simple as that of a common farmer or mechanic.

This anecdote tends to show the fullness of the sense in which Lincoln was in sympathy and in touch with his neighbors and acquaintances, even at the moment when he was about to start on a rapid ascent to the loftiest political station in the world.

When Charles S.

Zane first entered upon his professional career, the city of Springfield, which was his field of labor, was noted for its able and famous lawyers.

Among the most prominent wa9 Lincoln's first law partner, Stephen T. Logan.

In recounting his recollections of those times, Judge Zane, speaking of Logan, said to the writer:

"As an all around lawyer, pure and simple, he was the greatest

I ever knew.

He was equally at home in any kind of a case, civil or criminal, and in any court from that of a justice of the peace to the Supreme Court of the United States.

In learning, versatility, and readiness of resource, he was Lincoln's superior as a practitioner.

It was only when Lincoln became professionally interested and thoroughly posted in some great case that he could overmatch Logan.

But in such cases he was the greater lawyer of the two.

I used to delight to listen to these two legal giants in court, and especially before a jury."It was in an atmosphere whose character is indicated by the foregoing reminiscences that Charles S.

Zane studied, and first began to practice law.

As a member of the same bar with Lincoln, Herndon, Logan, Stephen A.

Douglass, John T. Stewart, B.

S. Edwards, John M.

Palmer, Milton Hay, Gen.

John A.

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

McClernand, and others of similar abilities and renown, he had some rich experiences.

His family were Whigs and he was a pronounced antislavery man from the time he attained his majority;

and it is not difficult to imagine that his early political lessons, and the results of the anti-slavery agitation in which he took an active part at an eafly date, prepared his mind for the role he was destined to play, later in life, in the war upon that "twin relic."

In the summer of 1856 our young lawyer was an active worker in the Republican cause, and made a number of political speeches in favor of the election of Fremont to the presidency, and of the doctrines of the Republican party.

He gives the following account of the first political meeting he ever addressed:

"The meeting was held in a schoolhouse in a country district not far from where I had once taught school.

The audience consisted mainly of Democrats and pro-slavery men, who would speak of a man of my political principles as a "black Republican."It was a July evening.

The house was full, and the windows and doors were all open.

I had talked only a few minutes when a turnip was thrown through the door at me, and grazed my coat.

A few moments later another turnip, from apparently the same source, was thrown, and as it passed my head it just touched my ear.

In the audience were three men, past middle age, whom I knew.

They were bitterly opposed to me politically, yet were respectable citizens.

I was certain that the turnips had been thrown by men, but I said:

'I have come here to deliver an address and I propose to be heard.

I hope some of the gentlemen present will kindly step to the door and ask those boys to stop throwing.'Immediately all three of the old gentlemen whom I knew stepped to the door, and soon returned to their seats.

There was no more throwing.

I talked about an hour, when one of the three who had stopped the throwing arose and made a speech in reply to what I had said.

He quoted from the scriptures and made a very good argument from a pro-slavery standpoint.

He was followed by another gentleman who talked in a cimilar strain for about an hour.

I made another argument in reply to these two, and it was one o'clock in the morning before the meeting dismissed.

In the spring of 1858, about one year after his admission to the bar, Charles S.

Zane was elected city attorney of Springfield.

The Democratic party had a majority in the city, but at this election some Democrats and some

Republicans were elected.

Mr.

Zane's majority over his competitor was eighty-four.

He served his term, which was for one year.

The same year he interested himself in the famous LincolnDouglass canvass, the most remarkable senatorial contest that ever occurred in the United States, and made a number of speeches in support of Lincoln.

It is a rare thing for a popular campaign to occur over the election of a United States senator, as the state legislature always elects; but in this instance the legislature itself was to be elected on the issue as to which should go to the United States senate—Lincoln or Douglass.

Owing to unjust districting, the Douglass men had a small majority in the legislature, and he was consequently elected, but Lincoln's popular majority in the state was over five thousand.

On the day on which the legislature cast the vote that sent the "Little Giant"to the upper house of

Congress, and while the cannon were booming in celebration of his victory, Archibald Williams, an eminent lawyer of Ouincy, who was attending the state supreme court in Springfield, and who was a devoted friend of Lincoln's, walked into the latter's office, and made a remark about Douglass having won.

Lincoln was

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

sitting at a table writing, but at Williams'remark he looked up and said:

"Yes, Douglass has taken this trick, but the game aint played out yet."In the spring of i860, Mr.

Zane was re-elected city attorney.

The law partnership between Lincoln & Herndon was dissolved on account of the election of the former to the presidency, and on the expiration of Mr.

Zane's term of office in the spring of 1 86 1, he succeeded to the partnership under the firm name of Herndon & Zane.

He thus, in part at least, entered upon the same law practice in which Lincoln had been engaged, the business and clients of the old firm continuing with the new one.

In or about 1866, Mr.

Zane was appointed county attorney of Sangamon county in which the city ot Springfield is situated.

In 1865 he was again elected city attorney of that city.

He remained the partner of Mr. Herndon from 1861 till 1868, but in the latter year, with mutual consent and good feeling, the partnership was dissolved.

Mr.

Herndon had come into possession of a large farm to which he was devoting much of his time, and this was the occasion of the dissolution.

Mr.

Zane continued to practice alone for about two years, during which time he was appointed register of the land office at Springfield.

But most of the government lands in the state had been disposed of, and there was not much business for the register;

the place was worth only about $500 a year.

In 1870 Mr. Zane became a member of the law firm of Cullom & Marcy, the senior member of which is now United States senator from Illinois.

The style of the firm was Cullom, Zane & Marcy.

He continued in the firm until 1873 when he was elected circuit judge in June of that year, the jurisdiction embracing Sangamon and Maconpin counties.

The Democrats had a majority in the two counties of over one thousand votes, but Mr.

Zane won by a majority of about three hundred.

General John A.

McClernand, for a number of years a member of the Utah Commission, was his opponent.

Judge Zane speaks highly of General McClernand'squalities as a man and as a lawyer, and praises the patriotism he has always displayed, particularly at the opening of the war.

"He was,"said Judge Zane, "a Democrat, and his party associates in Illinois were generally opposed to the war in the beginning;

but he entered it with unbounded zeal and patriotism."Judge Zane's term of office as circuit judge was six years, and during it the state legislature passed a law enlarging the circuit so that it embraced six counties instead of two, but leaving Judge Zane in office, and he served the full term.

At its expiration in 1879 he was re-elected, notwithstanding that each of the six counties in the circuit was strongly Democratic, the aggregate majority of that party being from seven thousand to eight thousand.

While Judge Zane was on the bench in Illinois he decided a number of cases of far-reaching importance.

One of these demanded from him not only a high degree of learning and ability, but of courage as well.

The state legislature had passed a law fixing the maximum freight and passenger rate which any railroad in the state might collect.

The Chicago and Alton, one of the leading railroad corporations in the state, was charged with violating this law, and an action against it was begun in the circuit court over which Judge Zane presided.

One day when the latter was busy with a trial, a writ was served upon the clerk of his court, commanding him to certify the papers in the case against the railroad to the United States circuit court.

"Don't send up the papers until I have time to look into the matter,"was the order Judge Zane gave the clerk.

Later the question as to whether the

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

5. ZANE.

case should be transferred to the United States court was argued before Judge Zane.

The state's attorney, aided by distinguished counsel, contended against the transfer.

Judge Beckwith, one of the ablest lawyers in the state, assisted by others of high talent, appeared for the railroad, and argued in favor of the jurisdiction of the United States court.

The railroad lawyers of the state generally were fighting the statute under which the case was brought, and a phase of the question of state rights in the premises was involved.

After listening to exhaustive arguments on both sides, Judge Zane decided that there was no authority for the order of transfer, that his court was the proper one in which to try the case, and he refused to obey the writ commanding the papers to be certified to the United States court.

The issues were also argued before him, and he affirmed the validity of the law, holding that the state legislature had the power to pass it.

This was the first decision in Illinois on the subject.

It was an oral opinion, but was taken by a stenographer, and was published and discussed extensively by the newspaper press.

Considerable excitement was occasioned by this decision, and a number of.lawyers told Judge Zane that he was liable to be sent to jail.

He replied that there were some circumstances under which a man could better afford to go to jail than not.

On his refusal to transfer the case, an argument was had before the United States circuit court sitting at Springfield, which was of a character precisely similar to the one Judge Zane had listened to.

Judges Davis, Drummond and Treat, the former of whom was a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, sat on the United States circuit court bench.

Judge Zane's decision was affirmed, which was a signal victory for him, and a result of great importance.

On the trial of the action against the

Chicago and Alton railroad, Judge Zane sustained the law under which it was brought, affirming the right of a state legislature to limit the freight and passenger rates a railroad might charge.

This was a leading case, and Judge Zane's opinion was widely published and commented upon by the press.

At about this time another case of wide celebrity and involving very important principles, was decided by

Judge Zane.

A man named Paine had been summoned as a witness before a committee of the state legislature, but had refused to testify, and the committee had ordered him imprisoned for contempt.

On habeas corpus proceedings it was contended that a legislative committee had no right to inflict imprisonment, as that was a function of a court.

But Judge Zane held that the power to subpoena and examine witnesses, conferred by statute upon the committee, implied the power to compel them to answer, and that, for this purpose, the committee might imprison a contumacious witness in pursuance of law.

About the year a case of great magnitude and importance, involving extremely grave questions of law and public policy, was argued before and decided by Judge Zane, at Springfield.

The Chicago and Alton railroad, the Madison County

Ferry Company, the Wiggins Ferry

Company, and the St. Louis Bridge

Company had all entered into a contract under which the three first named corporations were to cease conveying passengers across the Mississippi River, as their respective charters authorized them to do, so as to throw all the traffic to the last named. The state of Illinois brought an injunction suit to restrain the four corporations from carrying out this contract, on the ground that it was contrary to public policy to create such a monopoly as the St. Louis Bridge Company would have, and

BIOGRAPHY of jrnr.n charles s.

/.axe.

on the further ground that a corporation had no right to cease the exercise of its franchise for the purpose of such a combination.

A celebrated lawyer of St.

Louis named Glover, was among the attorneys who represented the four corporations, and the attorney general of Illinois, Hon.

J. K.

Edsell, assisted by Hon. John M.

Palmer, now in the United States Senate, appeared for the state.

The arguments lasted two days and were characterized by remarkable ability.

Judge Zane granted a permanent injunction on the grounds set up, holding in effect that they were well taken.

It was confidently expected that the case would be appealed, but this was not done, and one of the ablest attorneys for the defense admitted to Judge Zane afterwards that he believed the latter was right in his decision.

The opinion was lengthy and was published at large in the Illinois State Register.

It provoked much comment and discussion, and though it took an advanced position, no effort to overturn it was made, and it became an important addition to the law of the state.

In Judge Zane's circuit, which embraced the city of Springfield, the capital of the State, many important cases, civil and criminal, were tried during his incumbency, including a number of murder cases and his rulings and opinions were nearly always of a character to add to his reputation as an upright judge and a jurist of learning and ability.

It cannot be denied by any person that he left Illinois and came to Utah with a record and a reputation of a most creditable character, and with an extensive experience at the bar and on the bench.

Judge Zane had never been further west than the Missouri River, and in 1884, when his second term as circuit judge was nearing its close, he began to entertain thoughts of removing to one of the territories, New

Mexico being at the time in his mind.

Hon. Wm.

M.

Springer, member of Congress from Illinois, was his personal friend, as was also Senator Cullom, of the same state, who had formerly been his law partner. Some conversation was had between Judge

Zane and each of these distinguished gentlemen in regard to a judicial appointment in the Territory named.

Judge Zane expressed his willingness to accept it if tendered to him.

Mr.

Springer was at the time a member of the House committee on territories, and was giving some attention to Utah affairs. The term of ChiefJustice Hunter was expiring and it was apparent that he would not be re-appointed.

Mr. Springer conferred with Senator

Cullom in regard to the appointment of Judge Zane to the position, and the latter in turn consulted with Attorney General Brewster, who expressed himself as being favorable to the selection.

Thereupon Senator Cullom had an interview with President Arthur, the result of which was the tendering to Judge Zane of the position of Chief Justice of Utah Territory.

Judge Zane had not applied for the position, but signified his willingness to accept it, and the appointment was sent to the Senate July 2d, 1884.

It was confirmed a few days later, and on August 24th the new Chief Justice reached Salt Lake City.

On September 1st he qualified and took his seat on the bench.

Prior to his appointment, Judge Zane had never given any special attention to the Mormon question nor to Utah affairs.

Up to the commencement of his career on the bench in Utah he had never conferred with any member of Congress nor government official as to the policy he should pursue thereafter.

He entered upon his duties with no other understanding or expectation than that he should administer the law as he found it, the same as he would in any other state or territory, and as he had formerly done when sitting upon the bench.

What oc-

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE curred under his administration was the natural and inevitable outgrowth of the legislation by Congress, and the course pursued by the United States marshal and attorney.

Such is the statement made by Judge Zane to the writer.

What instructions were issued from

Washington to the Federal officials in Utah from time to time during the period that will be known in Utah history as "the raid,"has not of course been disclosed.

But the usage would be for orders or directions respecting the prosecution of offenders against the anti-polygamy laws to be communicated by the department of justice to the United States marshal and attorney, and not to the judge;

hence it is proper to assume that Judge Zane's course on the bench was the result of his own conception of the situation that was presented to him, and his convictions of duty.

The first question of importance that confronted the new chief justice after he had taken his seat upon the Utah bench, was whether the court could go outside the box in impaneling grand and petit juries.

The first time an attempt was made to impanel a grand jury before him, only eight jurors were obtained from the box, and in an attempt at impaneling a petit jury, made about the same time, not one qualified juror was secured.

Then arose a discussion of a profound legal issue.

On the one hand it was held that a jury, either grand or petit, must be impaneled in the manner provided by the statute, the recorded will of the legislative power, or it could not be a legal jury; and that, to concede to a judge the power to create a jury in a manner different from that prescribed by the legislature, would be to open the way for the most dangerous assaults on the liberties of the people.

On the other hand it was shown that a condition of things existed in Utah which frequently made it impossible to impanel either a grand or petit jury in the manner prescribed by law;

that in consequence the courts were to a great extent paralyzed, and unable to perform many of their most important functions, such as investigating and punishing crime; and it was insisted that the courts possessed innate power to prevent such a blocking of the wheels of government.

The contestants on both sides of this controversy comprehended full well that upon the termination of it depended the success of eftorts which, as was generally understood, the Federal officials of the Territory had determined to put forth to enforce the anti-polygamy laws of Congress.

The hearing on the question was set and a number of the most prominent members of the bar were invited to participate in the argument, as friends of the court, and did so.

The United States attorney, W. H.

Dickson, Esq., and his assistant, C.

S. Varian, Esq., argued in favor of the proposition that the court had a right to summon jurors, both grand and petit, on an open venire, though the private opinion of both gentlemen was that such a proceeding would not be lawful.

The latter view was taken by the greater number of the attorneys who appeared as friends of the court, though the opposite doctrine had one or two able advocates.

After taking the matter under advisement, Judge Zane held, in effect, that the power to hold a court necessarily implied a power to complete the machinery of a court;

and where the statute was insufficient to provide for the impaneling of juries, the court had power to supplement its provisions far enough to obtain juries for the transaction of business for which they were required.

The substance of the ruling was that the courts had power to issue an open venire.

The indictment and conviction of polygamists was accomplished with the greatest facility under the open venire system, and hundreds of them

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE were arraigned for sentence before Judge Zane.

At an early stage of "the raid"he adopted a custom which, while sometimes applied to individual cases, was probably never before made a general rule in any court in this country, in dealing with a numerous class of defendants convicted of a serious offense.

Before pronouncing sentence Judge Zane would ask the defendant if he was willing to obey the law in the future.

In the few cases in which an affirmative reply was given, the punishment was made light, or even nominal, and the tacit understanding was that all who would make this promise would be very mildly dealt with.

Those who refused to make it usually suffered the maximum penalty.

In the adoption of this custom is seen an epitome of Judge Zane's character as a citizen and as a judge.

He believed that the law should be obeyed, that it should be vindicated when disobeyed, and that violaters of it, known to be worthy citizens, conscientious and honorable, even in the conduct which had placed them in the prisoner's dock, ought to be dealt with leniently on giving satisfactory assurance that in future they would be law-abiding; and with him their simple word was sufficient.

He recognized no rule governing the conduct of the individual that was higher than the will of the legislative power of his country, as expressed in the stalutes, and held that even religion must be subservient thereto.

In such a controversy as that in which

Judge Zane was a central figure it was almost inevitable that most of those engaged in it, on either side, should assume an extreme position, and adopt a corresponding line of action; hence sternness, and even harshness, on the part of a judge in such a situation, was naturally to be expected.

The next subject of grave importance upon which Judge

Zane was required to establish a precedent, was the definition of the offense of unlawful cohabitation.

Several times this (juestion came up before him, and his opponents charged that his rulings upon it were not consistent with each other, nor with established principles of law, and that they became more severe each time, in conformity with a purpose to strain one part of the law beyond reason in order to enforce another part. Judge

Zane, on the other hand, laid down the logic upon which he relied for the support of his position.

The present purpose is only to record facts and events, and not to pass, judicially, upon mooted points of law; hence this subject will be dismissed with the remark which is believed to express a fact the future will demonstrate, namely: That feature of Judge Zane's career most likely to be criticised hereafter is composed of his rulings upon the definition of the offense of unlawful cohabitation.

Judge Zane served his full term of four years as chief justice of Utah Territory, and was succeeded by Elliot Sandford, who qualified Aug.

28, 1888.

Judge Sandford adopted a mild policy in dealing with polygamists, which did not suit the administration of President

Harrison, and in consequence he was removed.

The date of President Harrison's letter, notifying him of his removal was May 24, 1889.

Judge Zane, having been re-appointed chief justice to succeed Judge Sandford, took the oath of office on June 3, and continued in the position until succeeded by Judge Merritt, who qualified January 27, 1894.

On leaving the bench Judge Zane formed,a law partnership with his son, John M.

Zane, and they are now practicing under the firm name of Zane & Zane.

While chief justice of Utah, Judge

Zane rendered a number of important decisions in civil cases.

One of these was in that of the Bullion-Beck and Champion Mining Company vs.

the Eureka Hill Mining Company.

The sum involved was very large and the issues were intricate and

BIOGRAPHY OF JUDGE CHARLES

S. ZANE.

complex, and called for erudition and analytical powers of a high order on the part of the judge who was to decide them.

The opinion written byJudge Zane, has been regarded as one of marked ability.

It was concurred in by Judge Powers, but Judge

Boreman filed a dissenting opinion.

The case involving the personal property of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, as it came before the territorial supreme court, on exceptions to the report of the master in chancery, was a very peculiar one.

When, in 1892, that court was called upon to decide what should be done with that property, Judge Zane wrote an opinion which is characterized by strong and clear logic and an advanced degree of learning, in which he held that it should be returned to the First Presidency of the Church to be used for the relief of the poor among the Latter-day Saints, and the erection and repair of houses of worship.

Associate Justices Blackburn and Miner agreed that the property should be used for those purposes, but they decided that it should be placed in the hands of a trustee appointed by the court.

As they constituted a majority of the court their view prevailed, and Bishop Leonard G.

Hardy was made the trustee.

In the spring of 1859, while residing in Springfield and practicing law, Charles S. Zane led to the altar Miss Margaret D.

Maxcy, of that city, a young lady of superior qualities, whose ancestors were from Kentucky and Virginia.

They have had nine children, of whom three sons and three daughters are now living.

All the members of the family are well known and popular in the social circles of Salt Lake City, and one of the sons, John M.

Zane, is a well known and leading Republican and a prominent attorney.

In a recent conversation with the writer Judge Zane, speaking of his policy on the bench in reference to polygamy, said:

"I believed polygamy was morally wrong as well as violative of the laws of the United States.

I believed that when a man and woman married, their conjugal relations created obligations on the part of each towards the other, and that those obligations were as binding upon the man as upon the woman.

I thought the family based upon monogamy was the best.

I believed that the laws forbidding polygamy were morally right, and while I saw that enforcement of them would cause a great deal of trouble and distress, and at the time seem harsh and cruel, I believed that in the end the results would far more than offset the suffering.

Then, under my oath of office, I had no alternative but to administer the law.

Had I believed polygamy morally right, I should have resigned rather than enforce the statutes against it.

"The morning after the adoption of the manifesto I had occasion to sentence a man who had been convicted of unlawful cohabitation, and who stated his willingness to obey the law in future pursuant thereto.

I immediately accepted the manifesto as having been issued and adopted in good faith, and so stated from the bench.

I made the sentence nominal.

From that time on I felt that my fight was done."As is well known, when the agitation in favor of dividing the voters of the Territory between the two great national parties first began, Judge Zane led out in ardent support of the proposition.

In taking this course he contended against the strong opposition of nearly all his political associates and many of his personal friends, but he proved himself a man of deep convictions and strong determination in acting according to them.

When asked if he was a church member, Judge Zane replied:

"No, I am not.

Sometimes I attend worship at one church and sometimes at another."Continuing he said: "As to our religious views, we cannot make them what we might like to.

PA TIENCE.

We have to form our conclusions in the light of our reason, and the appearance which religious subjects present to our minds."Judge Zane's policy in reference to polygamy, as above intimated, will probably remain for all time a subject of discussion.

Succeeding generations will doubtless be like the present one, divided as to whether he should be praised or censured.

Some future historians, like some of his contemporaries, will laud him lor what they will term his stern fidelity to duty.

Others will wonder, as do many intelligent men and women, who know him personally, how he could look with calmness upon the dismemberment of families, the deserted wives, the practically orphaned children, the sorrow and the suffering resulting from his sentences, and still continue to inflict the full penalty of the law upon men who were giving the highest proofs men can give of their conscientious adherence to principle.

But aside from this feature of his career, it is admitted that Judge Zane has never been excelled in learning, ability or uprightness by any judge that ever sat upon the bench in Utah.

Mining, railroad and other cases involving vast sums have been tried before and decided by him, but not so much as a hint or suggestion has ever been uttered to the effect that any ruling or decision of his was ever affected by an improper motive.

He has come to be regarded as a type of judicial fairness and integrity, and even many of the men whom he sentenced to fine and imprisonment for conscience'sake, and who are among the best citizens embraced in our commonwealth, would gladly see him returned to the highest judicial position in it.

At least two truths of incalculable value can be learned by young men from the career of Hon. Charles S.

Zane.

Fidelity to one's highest conceptions of duty will ultimately secure and retain the respect of fair, honest and intelligent men everywhere, notwithstanding the most radical differences of opinion as to right, truth and justice; our age demands the rise of a mighty host of statesmen, qualified by their own experience to exorcise from among our race the demon of religious persecution;

that the children of Adam may no longer suffer from the cause that has done more to destroy their peace and their lives than any other single one that could be named.

B. F.

Ciimmings, Jr.

PATIENCE.

Sister of hope, the source of peace and joy,

That calms the mind for duty's sweet employ,

We prize thee for thy gifts so well bestowed

That make us strong to bear affliction's load.

When sickness brings us sorrow, griei and pain

And all the tender care of friends is vain To give us ease; when fevered is the head

That hastes the hour of parting, sad and dread,

Thy holy influence sheds its soothing power And glads the soul, as dews the drooping flower;

Allays the anguish of our suff'ring wild

And makes the spirit calm and reconciled,

Whispers sweet comfort till our latest breath And makes us tranquil in the arms of death.

When reason meets with unexpected things

Which oft the voice of revelation brings

We pause, and wonder if it can be so That precepts new, we never thought to know

Will prove a blessing, as hath been decreed

And from the ills of sin and bondage lead.

Our faith is weak, the will is hard to bend To things we cannot fully comprehend;

We weigh with bias what our minds oppose

Till shades of darkness round our being close.

Here patience takes her place and whispers peace

And bids our dark and sad misgivings cease

Assuring us that God will guide us still

If we will wait and trust His holy will.

We thus are comforted and calmly rest

And trust in Him who knoweth all things best;

We trace the past and see He nothing sends

But to the welfare of His children tends.

O patience sweet, the happy gift is thine

To make us meek,'to cherish things divine;

Come life or death, come pleasure or come woe,

We gladly own thy blessings here below.

/.

c.

SCANDINAVIAN REMINISCENCES.

FIRST MISSIONARIES IN NORWAY.

On the twenty-sixth of August, 1 85 1, Elder Erastus Snow sailed from Copenhagen, Denmark, by steamship, to visit the Saints in Aalborg, province of Jylland, where he arrived the next day in the morning.

On Sunday, August 31st, an important meeting was held at 'Kjeldgaardene, in the parish of Guddomlund, on which occasion the Saints in Jylland were more fully organized, and two new branches added to the mission.

"During the following week,"writes

Elder Snow, "while stopping with Brother Hans Peter Jensen, in Norre

Sundby, a Norwegian by the name of Svend Larsen,the master ofa small merchant vessel, came and visited me.

He said he had heard of me, and my religion and had come with a view to learn more about it.

I improved the opportunity to explain to him the principles of the Gospel and the order of the kingdom of God, as it had been revealed from the Lord;

he received my testimony with gladness.

His vessel being ready to sail for Norway, on its return the next day, I called and appointed Elder Hans F.

Petersen to go with Mr.

Larsen home to open up the Gospel door in Norway.

The two sailed together on the fourth of September, well supplied with Books of Mormon and tracts."This Svend Larsen, mentioned by

Elder Snow, was engaged in the traffic of importing timber from Norway to. Denmark, sailing to and fro between Osterrisor, Norway, and Aalborg, Denmark.

A master tailor by the name of Olsen, a resident of Aalborg, though a Norwegian by birth, first told Mr. Larsen about the new religious creed which a certain man, Erastus Snow by name, who claimed to be an Apostle of Jesus Christ, had recently brought to Denmark.

Mr.

Larsen concluded at once to make the acquaintance of that personage which became an easy task for him, as Elder Snow was just then paying Aalborg a visit.

The meeting between Elder Snow and Captain Larsen took place on September 3.

1851.

After sailing from Aalborg on the fourth of November, the little vessel which was destined to bring the first messenger of the fullness of the Gospel to Norway, encountered stormy weather.

It seemed as if the prince of the air was determined to hinder that servant of God from reaching his destination.

Twice the little craft had to seek shelter against the storm in the harbor of Frederikshavn; but after a prolonged contest with the elements

Osterrisor, in Norway, was finally reached in safety on Thursday, September 11, 1851.

Captain or Skipper Larsen, as he was familiarly called afterwards, offered Brother

Petersen the hospitality of his home as long as he remained in the town.

The following day, September 12th, Elder Petersen commenced to visit the people and distribute tracts.

On the thirteenth, Captain Larsen went to the chief priest (Provsten) and asked straight if he would permit the Mormon Elder, who had just arrived in the land, to hold meetings in the school house (Borgerskolen) on the Sunday.

The priest became perfectly astonished at such a bold request, and asked with considerable emotion if the Mormons really had now come to Norway?

Owing to his hasty departure from

Aalborg, Elder Petersen had not secured a passport or traveling permit from the authorities in that city, and consequently he was summoned to appear before the mayor (Byfogden) in Osterrisor, and questioned very closely in regard to his object in visiting Norway.

He explained that he had come to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ;

but that if it was contrary to the laws of the land to hold public meetings, he would confine his labors to private

sv -. /.\v;/.v.

/ 7. in r/cm/n/sc/:\( v;.s.

conversations with the people.

On Captain Larsen giving good security for him, Elder Petersen escaped arrest and imprisonment, and was permitted to stay for a few days, but was instructed to secure a pass as soon as possible, or leave the country.

After this Elder Petersen resumed his labors among the people without holding public meetings, and made acquaintances and friends among the different classes of people.

Among those visited and to whom he bore testimony were the Danish consul, "Provst"Wittergren and other distinguished citizens.

Through the neglect of the authorities in Aalborg, Elder Petersen did not receive his passport, in consequence of which he found it necessary to return to Denmark for it.

He sailed with Captain Larsen from Osterrisor September 20, 1851, and arrived in Aalborg on the twenty-third.

In the evening of that day Captain Larsen was baptized by Elder Ole Christian Nielsen.

He was the first fruit of the fullness of the Gospel from Norway, with the exception of the few Norwegians previously baptized in America.

On Monday, October 5, 1851, Elder Petersen (accompanied by Elder Johan August Ahmansen, who had been sent by Elder Erastus Snow from Copenhagen to be Elder Petersen's missionary companion in opening up the field in Norway, ) embarked on his second trip to Norway, going with Captain Larsen, who was now a member of the Church.

Arriving at Hals they landed and stopped over night with Brother Domgaard, one of the first converts to Mormonism in the town.

The next morning the voyage was continued, and the little vessel landed its passengers safely at Osterrisor on the seventh, after a very pleasant voyage.

Captain Larsen's wife refusing the brethren the hospitality of her home,

Brothers Petersen and Ahmansen ascended a neighboring clift and prayed earnestly to the Lord to open up their way that they might find a home and an opportunity to preach the Gospel.

In the evening they met a blacksmith by the name of John Olsen with whom Elder Petersen had become acquainted on his first visit to Norway.

This man at once invited the brethren to go with him to his house, where they found a good home.

A few days later Elder Petersen had an opportunity to preach and bear testimony to a large crowd df people who unexpectedly gathered in Mr.

Olsen's house.

They listened with great attention to what they heard.

The missionaries now commenced to give

Bible readings, and to spread books and tracts among the people, and converse about the Gospel to many who came in both from the city and the country to see them.

On October 17, 1851, Elder Petersen traveled to Rod, in Sondelev parish, where quite a number of laborers were engaged in a mechanical establishment (hammer works).

To these he bore a faithful testimony and also sold them a number of pamphlets treating upon the principles of the Gospel.

Not having brought his passport with him, he could not be permitted to stop over night at the tavern; but he succeeded in obtaining shelter for the night with a poor family living in the vicinity.

The head of police at Osterrisor had kept his pass, undoubtedly for the purpose of preventing him going out into the country.

The following day Elder Petersen sailed with the master or foreman of the mechanical establishment back to the town, where he soon discovered that John Olsen's wife no longer would extend to him or Brother Ahmansen her hospitality.

However they found another home in the house of Svend Larsen, whose wife had changed her feelings and was now kindly disposed to the missionaries.

Toward the close of the month

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

(October, 1851,) Brother Ahmansen, who had grown tired of missionary life in Norway, returned to Denmark, and Elder Petersen was left to prosecute his labors alone.

On Sunday, November 2, he held the first public meeting at Rod, and the day following he visited the iron works of Ekland, distant about sixteen English miles from Osterrisor.

Here he was cast out by the foreman and was compelled to leave the place in a rain storm.

In his attempt to cross the clifts to Sondelev he lost the road, but fortunately happened upon a little hamlet called Skaavog, where he with some difficulty obtained lodging for the night.

In the evening he took advantage of the opportunity afforded him and bore testimony to the people of the house.

He also sold them some pamphlets; but in the morning the master of the farm (Gaard) politely requested him not to speak to the women about Mormonism, for fear that he might convert them to his creed.

At Sondelev Elder Petersen had a chance to talk to a number of people who gathered one eveing, on which occasion he nearly converted a school teacher to Mormonism.

After his return to Osterrisor he held several public meetings.

"On Wednesday, November 26, 1 85 1,"wrote Elder Petersen, in his private journal, "I had the pleasure to baptize two men, namely Peter Adamsen and John Olsen.

The latter's wife was present to witness the baptism, and also Captain Larsen's wile.

Brother Larsen himself was absent on a business trip to Denmark."The following night (twenty-seventh) the persecutions which had been brewing for some time commenced in real earnest.

Though the baptisms were administered as privately as possible, the news thereof spread;

and a mob soon gathered under the leadership of a young man by the name of Knud Olsen, a brother of John Olsen, who had been baptized.

This man was awfully excited because, as he claimed, Elder Petersen had led his brother astray.

The mobbers had strengthened their nerves by partaking freely of intoxicants, and they soon attacked the house of Svend Larsen, where Elder

Petersen stopped.

After knocking for some time for admittance, while uttering vile oaths and threats, they at length broke in the door; but before they entered, Brother Petersen had hid himself so successfully in an upper room that they had to leave the house without finding him. Hoping to secure him later, they kept guard around the house till one o'clock at night.

Similar scenes were continued for several evenings in succession, but the mobbers failed in getting Elder Petersen in their power.

On the twenty-ninth of November, 185 1, Brother Petersen wrote a letter to the civil authorities of the town, asking for protection according to the laws of the land.

On the same day he was summoned to appear before the mayor to explain why he had performed the ordinance of baptism without being acknowledged by the civil authorities as a clergyman.

And he was now forbidden in the strongest terms to baptize or hold meetings as long as his case was pending before the court.

The mob had determined to transport him out of the town that day;

but by the interference of the police this was prevented, as the people were forbidden to gather in a greater number than two or three persons at the same place.

On the first of December Elder Petersen was requested by Mayor Finne to send his credentials as a church officer with all possible haste to the "Amtmand"(county judge) at Arendal.

To the officer who brought him this order he promptly delivered his Elder's certificate, and two letters of recommendation, all of which were sent to the "Amtmand."

The evening disturbances contin-

3°° Si NDINAVIAN REMINISCENCES.

ued until the fourth of December, when a popular wedding, which was celebrated in the town, absorbed the attention of the people.

"On Sunday evening, December 7, 1851,"writes Elder Petersen, "we four brethren, Svend Larsen, Peter Adamsen, John Olsen and myself, assembled in an upper room at the house of Brother Larsen.

On this occasion I confirmed Peter Adamsen and John Olsen members of the Church by the laying on ol hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost.

After this the four of us partook of the sacrament, it being the first time the Lord's supper was administered by divine authority in Norway.

I felt truly thankful for this blessed day and praised the name of the Lord for hearing my prayers."Thus was the ice broken in old Norway, and the first converts made in that land, which as one of the three Scandinavian countries has figured so prominently in the history of Latter-day Saint missionary operations; but the events which followed immediately after these first baptisms were calculated to put the first Elders, and the first converts in that land, on their true metal.

Through mobbings, persecutions, imprisonments and hardships led the road to the successful establishment of the Church of Christ in Norway.

On the occasion of the little confirmation meeting Elder Petersen composed the hymn "Hor os.Immanuel, vi Dig anraabe"(No. 148 of the

Danish hymn book).

Previously, during his sojourn at Osterrisor, he had written No.

27, "O hfirer, I Slaegter paa Jorden, et Ord, 'and No.

78, "Zion naar paa Digjegtaenker."

On the eighth of December Elder

Petersen was called up before the mayor, and according to a communication which had been received from the "Amtmarid"he was ordered to comply strictly with the twenty-first chapter, paragraphs seventeen and eighteen, of the criminal code of Norway, where it is specified that none but such as the law recognizes as clergymen are permitted to baptize or perform any Church ordinance.

Elder Petersen was threatened with the penitentiary if he failed to comply with the law.

About three weeks later, he received a communication from the mayor of Osterrisor, of which the following is a translation "According to order of the Nedenaes and Robygdelagets Amt, of the seventeenth inst.

I hereby return the documents which were delivered to me on the first inst., namely "Kaldsbrev"(Elders certificate), and the letters of recommendation dated September 4, and

October 1, 1851, and also No.

2 of the periodical entitled "SkandinaviensStjerne;"and I hereby also inform you that you are not acknowledged as a priest or president of any denomination of dissenters in this nation, and consequently you are not authorized to perform any act in such a capacity; and the Amt reserves the right to determine hereafter whether you will be prosecuted for having performed the act of baptism.

"Osterrisor, December 27, 1851.

Finite.

"To Mormon Master Tailor Petersen."

Owing to this prohibition on the part of the civil authorities of Osterrisor,

Elder Petersen decided to leave that town and select another field of labor; but before he could carry out his resolution in this regard he was subjected to another attack by a mob.

On December 12, 1851, about nine o'clock p. m.

the house of Captain Svend Larsen, where Elder Petersen was still stopping, was surrounded by a motley and noisy crowd, which soon burst the door open and filed into the house, demanding with terrible oaths that the Mormon priest be given into their hands.

They lighted a candle and ransacked the house for him, closely

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

examining every nook and corner in the building, except the narrow chimney into which Elder Petersen had crawled, and where he kept himself secreted until the danger was past.

During the night the door was burst open twice; but the mobbers could not find their man.

Later, the mob was dispersed by the police, when Elder Petersen ventured out from his rather uncomfortable hiding place in a plight which at once suggested the utilizing of a liberal supply of soap and water.

On the following day the mobbers were summoned to appear before the court, but they were never punished.

On Sunday, December 14, 1851, a man by the name of Svend Peter Larsen came from Frederikstad to Osterrisor to have a« interview with Elder Petersen.

Mr.

Larsen was a religious man, and soon became interested in the doctrines taught by the missionary, who had prayed earnestly for several days that the Lord would enable him to get away from Osterrisor and find a place where he could do more good.

Mr.

Larsen was bound for Bergen, and Elder Petersen, who looked upon him as a Godsend, decided to go with him at once.

Consequently, alter taking an affectionate leave of the few Saints at Osterrisor, he sailed from that place in the sloop "Den gode Hensigt, "commanded by his new friend Svend Peter Larsen.

This was on December 16, 1851.

The next day they arrived at Arendal, where the master of the vessel laid by a couple of days, which gave Elder Petersen an opportunity of conversing with a number oi religiously inclined people in the town;

among them was a merchant by the name of Scheveland, to whom he bore a faithful testimony and gave him several pamphlets.

On December 20th, the voyage was continued from Arendal.

During the nights between the twentysecond and twenty-third, the vessel came near running on a blind rock, and the voyagers were only saved from destruction through the efforts of Brother Petersen, who was at the helm, and who by calling into requisition all his phvsical strength succeeded in turning the little craft around.

Under this manipulation his head was caught by the crossbeam of the main-sail and he lost his cap.

On January 4, 1852, the sloop landed its two passengers in Mandal, where they lay at anchor for a week.

This time Elder Petersen utilized by making himself acquainted and conversing with the people.

On a certain occasion when he was invited to dinner in the house of a master carpenter by the name of Larsen, the room was suddenly filled with people, to whom he by invitation commenced to preach the Gospel. A

Provst (head priest) Vogt, one of the best speakers of Norway and also a member of the Storthing, had entered the house while Elder Petersen was speaking; and as soon as he was through this clergyman endeavored to create a disturbance among the crowd by telling them that a part of what had been said was untrue.

When Elder Petersen requested him to prove in what the falsehood consisted, the priest invited him to meet him the next day at his office but as he had made his accusation before the whole assembly, Brother Petersen now desired that he also should produce his proofs in public.

Mr.

Vogt refused to do this under the pretense that he could not remember all that had been said, as the sermon was so long.

He still sought to cause disturbance, until that part of the congregation which was in sympathy with him pressed forward as if they would take Elder Petersen by force.

The owner of the house then stepped forward and declared that as the stranger was his guest, he would not permit any harm to befall him as long as he was under his roof.

The priest then withdrew, together with his friends,

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

after which Elder Petersen conversed a long time with those who remained.

He made several friends, of whom some afterwards embraced Mormonism.

About the middle ofJanuary, 1852,

Elder Petersen left Mandal and continued with his friend Larsen to Bergen, one of the principal cities of

Norway, where they arrived on the eighteenth.

Here Elder Petersen spent the remainder of the winter.

He lived with a brewer by the name of Magnus, who, together with his family, treated him with much kindness and hospitality, notwithstanding their poverty.

The civil authorities in Bergen would not allow him to hold public meetings, unless he hired a large hall for the purpose; and this he could not do, through a lack of means;

but he spent a couple of months going from house to house, bearing testimony of the Gospel wherever the people would receive him.

He was compelled to live very economically;

and on different occasions he almost suffered for the want of the necessaries of life.

In the meantime his friend Larsen returned to Bergen from his fishing expedition and was now going to Copenhagen, Denmark.

Elder Petersen made ready at once to accompany him.

They sailed from Bergen in the latter part of March and arrived in Copenhagen early in April, 1852.

Soon after Elder Petersen's departure from Osterrisor in December, 1 85 1

Brother Svend Larsen returned home from a visit to the eastern part of Norway, and now spent the winter at home, laboring as best he could to continue the work which had been commenced by Elder Petersen.

Together with the other two converts (John Olsen and Peter Adamsen) he held fast meetings regularly every Sunday, at which they spent their time praying for and with one another; they also read in the Bible and Book of Mormon, and bore testimony to the truth of the Gospel.

A master of a vessel by the name of Henrik Evensen, who soon afterwards joined the Church, was a constant visitor in these little meetings.

Also the wives of the three brethren opened their hearts to believe the truth; and as the meetings were continued, more strangers met with them; and though none of the brethren had as yet been ordained to the holy Priesthood, the spirit of testimony rested upon them as they spoke to the people, and the hearts of many were softened to believe the words spoken.

On one occasion a member of the clergy and a school teacher came to the meeting and endeavored to introduce opposition, but they went away confounded.

Brother Larsen also labored to spread the printed word, including the Skandinaviens Stjerne, the publication of which'had been commenced in Copenhagen.

He also posted himself in regard to the so-called dissenter law, and found that according to the provisions of said law people who differed with the State Church on religion could be organized into a society with as small a number as six members, if these previously had severed their connection with the

State Church.

Consequently, three of the men, namely Svend Larsen, John Olsen and Hendrik Evensen, together with their respective wives, withdrew their names from the Lutheran Church.

Their next step was to petition the diocese of Christianssand, and the church department of the state to be organized into a Christian dissenters'society, according to the laws of the land;

but though Mayor Finne, of Osterrisor, assisted Brother Larsen in formulating the petition, and instructed him how to proceed in order to obtain the government permission, their petition was rejected.

On the tenth of June, 1852, Elder Hans Peter Jensen, accompanied by

Johan A. Ahmansen landed in Brevig, one of the coast cities of Norway, as Latter-day Saint missionaries from Denmark.

They had sailed from

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

Norre Sundby on the sixth.

Almost immediately after their arrival at Brevig, they commenced to hold meetings, circulate tracts and converse privately with the people.

Mr. Trane, a newspaper editor, the town priest and a school teacher soon became their bitter opponents.

After staying in Brevig six days, Elder Jensen traveled on to Osterrisdr, where he arrived June 18th, and was warmly received by the few Saints who had already been baptized by Brother Hans F.

Petersen.

On the following day he ordained Svend Larsen to the office of an Elder, and blessed his children.

On Sunday, June 20th, he held meeting and administered the sacrament to the few Saints in Osterrisdr.

On the twenty-fifth, he baptized six persons and ordained two of the brethren to the office of priest.

After these labors Elder Jensen made a missionary trip to Arendal, Cristianssand and Mandal, bearing testimony of the truth in all these places.

On his arrival at the last named town he was much fatigued and his feet were blistered so badly that he felt utterly unable to proceed any further.

But finding that the inhabitants hardened their hearts against him and refused to receive his testimony, he decided to make an attempt at walking back to Osterrisdr, a distance of about eighty English miles.

Following the advice of a friendly lady, he wrapped his feet in rags and commenced his march on foot, and, strange to say, when he arrived at Osterrisdr on the eighth of July, his feet were free from sores, and he felt himself as strong and healthy as ever before.

While making this journey on foot, a rather amusing incident occurred.

Having walked nearly a whole day over the rocky hills, he at length found himself in an unusually pretty little valley lying between the cliffs; and not far from the road he espied a little pond surrounded with the most beautiful grass.

In this romantic spot he decided to rest and take a refreshing bath.

He thoroughly enjoyed this, until he commenced to dress himself after the bath.

He then discovered to his great discomfiture that all his clothes, which he had hung up in the bushes, were literally filled, both inside and outside, with genuine red Norwegian ants of an unusual size.

Instead of dressing at once and continuing the journey, as he had expected, he found himself obliged to engage in a real war with the little "monsters,"which seemed fully satisfied with their new home.

In order to become the sole inhabitant of his clothes again, he had to take them one piece at a time and walk out in the water, set the ants afloat, hang the clothing on his head and then make for shore at another point.

Having at length gained the victory over the troublesome insects and dressed himself, he continued his journey;

but had only walked a short distance when he suddenly found himselfface to face with a large wild animal, which he took to be a bear.

Both eyed each other with considerable suspicion for several minutes, whereupon the bear scampered off into the forest and Elder Jensen made haste to Osterrisdr.

Brothers Jensen and Ahmansen now remained in Osterrisdr about a w reek, during which they baptized several more and organized the first branch of the Church in Norway with eighteen members.

Elder Jensen ordained John Olsen to the office of an Elder and appointed him to preside over the branch.

On the eighteenth of July Elder Jensen embarked with Captain SvendLarsen and returned to Brevig, where they now hired a large and respectable hall in the heart of the town, and held several well-attended meetings.

Among those who came to listen were several priests, the civil officers of the town, merchants, etc.

One of the meetings was attended by an unusul number of the clergy,

SCANDINAVIAN REMINISCE VCES.

some from the city and some from the country, who were bent on having a discussion and who, while the brethren spoke, were exceedingly busy making notes.

Elder Jensen bore a powerful testimony to the truth of the Gospel;

and, referring to those who were writing, he said that he by the power of God would write the words of truth in their hearts in a manner that they could never be effaced.

Hearing this, the scribes ceased their note taking, and listened attentively to the rest of the sermon.

After the meeting was closed, all went away in peace, and none offered to discuss.

In the month of August, Elders Jensen and Svend Larsen decided to buy with their own means a small vessel to be used for missionary purposes, so that the Elders could travel from place to place with their own help.

They soon succeeded in buying one of the best and swiftest pilot boats in Norway for the sum of four hundred Rigsdaler.

The purchase was made in Frederiksvaern, and the brethren fitted up their vessel as a pleasure yacht, and named it "Zions Love,"(Zion's lion).

It was a splendid sailer and bore on the masthead a lion holding a radiating eye in a golden, circular halberd, under which the letter Z was painted in blue colors.

The whole was a symbol of strength and light, and represented Zion spreading its light by divine power over the nations.

The brethren soon put their vessel to good use, and for some time it was kept busy going with missionaries from place to place both in Norway and Denmark.

The first trip made with it was to Frederiksstad, where the brethren commenced a very successful missionary labor.

They gained a great influence among a class of religionists called "Kirketroende,"many of whom were soon baptized, and a branch was organized called the Frederiksstad branch.

Among the converts was the local president of the "Kirketroende,"who was ordained to the Priesthood and appointed to preside over the little branch numbering eight members.

After this a general revival took place in Frederiksstad and also in Brevig and other places.

After having founded the Church in Norway, spent his means freely for the welfare of the mission and appointed John A.

Ahmansen to preside over the Norwegian mission,

Elder Jensen returned to Denmark, in the latter part of July, 1852, going with Captain Larsen in their own vessel "Zions Love."During the voyage they encountered the full fury of a terrific storm, during which they sailed backward and forward for several days until their compass refused to work, and they lost their reckoning.

On the third day they caught sight of an English frigate, which they soon overtook;

and Elder Larsen who could talk a little English learned from the captain that they were near the Swedish coast.

The good-hearted captain also provided them with some provisions, which they needed very much, as the only eatables they had brought with them from Norway were some anchovy, expecting that the passage would last only about twenty- four hours.

Owing to this miscalculation they had suffered considerably with actual hunger.

After receiving this relief, the wind soon turned in their favor, and the next day they arrived in Aalborg.

After the departure of Elders Jensen and Larsen, the missionary work in Norway was continued by Elders Johan A.

Ahmansen and Jeppe G. Folkmann, the latter having come over from Denmark some time before to assist in the Norwegian mission.

These two brethren labored with good success in Brevig, where they baptized about fifteen persons and organized the third branch of the Church in Norway.

Before the end of August, 1852,

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

there were something like fifty members of the Church in that land.

The next chapter will contain an interesting account of the persecutions and imprisonments of the brethren composing the Norwegian mission.

A?idrew Jenson.

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

ANALYSIS OF THE SERMON.

THE DISCUSSION.

My last two chapters were devoted to the nature and purpose of the introduction.

From what was there said it must be evident that this part of the sermon, as its name implies, exists only for the discussion:

that if it fails to smooth the way for the real subject-matter, it fails utterly and has no excuse for taking up time.

From this circumstance, it will be seen that though the introduction is the first to be spoken, it should be the last to be thought of;

for the discussion must be well outlined and definitely fixed in the mind, before the speaker is made aware of what is necessary to introduce it.

Both introduction and discussion should be carefully thought out before delivery, but the former, being only a device to make the latter more effective, can rarely first occupy attention to advantage.

Do you insist, then, asks the reader, that preparation for a sermon shall consist in going over in the mind the points of the discussion before it is presented?

I may answer yes and no.

A lecture is not worthy the name, that has not thus been thought out, part by part;

and he is a poor teacher who comes before his class without having definitely considered what he is going to teach and how he will teach it.

The sermon among Latter-day Saints differs from the lesson or the lecture in that it is not prepared for a definite occasion.

But prepared it must be, not only by much thought, but by much definitely arranged thought, if it is to be worthy the name of sermon.

Elders who come before the people in the capacity of preachers must form the habit of daily mental discussion of subjects appropriate for sermons.

In no other way can the clay be kept mixed and pliable to the potter's hand.

What is the meaning of discussion as here used?

A successful discussion, it may be replied, must be a clear realization of these two propositions:

What do I wish to accomplish?

II. How shall I accomplish it?

That is to say, a discussion is ( 1 the knowing definitely what doctrine is to be proved, what principle maintained, what lesson to be enforced; and (2) the finding of arguments and pursuasions suitable thus to prove, maintain, or enforce the truth in question.

Let us proceed to consider in its order the first of these propositions.

No fault is more common to preachers nor more fatal to their sermons than vagueness of purpose.

Dr.

Holmes tells of a clergyman who wrote a book entitled ''Thoughts on the Universe.

Think what must be the quality of one of these thoughts!

You would have to sniff all the ether this side of the Pleiades just to get a smell of it.

And yet had there been a bigger place in which to spread out thought, this misty divine would probably have chosen it!

Vagueness, my observation leads me to believe, is much more common among Latter-day Saint preachers than among sectarians.

And the reason is not far to seek.

Sectarians make a business of preaching, and spend the week days elaborating their sermons.

Nothing else tends to definiteness so much as writing.

I'REAl'IUW; AM) I'REACIILXC.

"Reading maketh a full man, conversation a ready man, and writing an exact man,"says Lord Bacon.

Now, exactness these preachers generally have, however else they may fail in presenting divine truth.

Mormon Elders, on the other hand, "taking no thought,"but relying, as they generally do, for inspiration upon the spur of the occasion, sail out upon the sea of thought without rudder or compass, and often have not the faintest idea where they will land.

This want of clearness'and definiteness has already been touched upon under the general head of subjectmatter.

Here it is necessary to consider it in its relation to the discussion.

Imagine a teacher coming before his class with no other preparation than a vague idea that his subject is to be something on science—that is, he is certain it is not on history.

What will he be able to say?

No doubt he will succeed in filling up the hour, but his lesson will be as scattering and disappointing as would be the talk of the man who should try to give his opinion of "things in general."

Yet just such vagueness as this is rather the rule than the exception.

Ask the average preacher among us what he will preach about todayThe answer will be "The Gospel."What do you wish to say concerning the "Gospel?""Oh, something—

whatever I shall be led to say."Well, have you no definite truth one deeply affecting mankind—that you desire to maintain concerning the Gospel?

"I don't understand you."Surely you cannot preach upon the Gospel as a whole:

it is too broad and vague.

"Oh, as to that shall select some part of it, say faith."Well, what do you wish to maintain as to faith?

"Why, I'll talk about faith.

Faith is my subject.

Certainly, but why do you choose it?

What do you expect to accomplish by talking on this subject?

What do you wish to prove?

"Oh, as to that, I'll wait to see how my mind is led."But the result will prove that such a mind is the last to permit itself to be led.

The mind that refuses to tie itself down to some definite thing can neither be led nor driven.

It will take a zig-zag course, keep on the move, but get nowhere.

This is not discussion it is mere twaddle.

There can be no discussion unless it turn upon some definite proposition.

It is therefore of the supremest importance that the speaker ask himself, "What do I wish to accomplish?

What purpose do I have in view in taking up the time?"If he is wise, he will let the wants of the congregation decide the answer to these questions.

He is there for their sakes, not they for his sake.

However, let him answer the question as he will, be it from his point of view or theirs, if his answer be exact, he will have something to talk to—something that will make his sermon a unit, and therefore compel thoughtful attention.

What is a proposition?

Something to be proved or maintained.

Honesty, truth, virtue, charity—these are not propositions;

for there is nothing about them to be proved or maintained.

No man can talk intelligently upon ideas embodied in single words.

They cannot be the subjects of discussion.

The man who would begin a sermon on so vague a subject as "Truth,"ought in order to be consistent with himself, to respond with equal alacrity to such a summons as this: "Run quickly and fetch me something from somewhere."

Yet sermons begun on just such vague subjects turn out to be intelligent occasionally.

Why?

Because the preacher stumbles upon some proposition respecting them.

But this stumbling is accidental, and does not always happen.

When it does, the proposition is a happy one only by luck.

But it ought not to need to happen.

Preaching has passed such rude experimentation.

The man that has not wit enough to make

PREACHING AND

PREACHING.

307- a proposition respecting a subject not merely a proposition, let me say, but the proposition which the occasion requires—ought not to be permitted to waste the time of a congregation.

The words, honesty, truth, virtue, charity, are terms merely.

Terms become propositions when we assert something in respect to them, as:

1.

Honesty is profitable—not only from a financial, but also from a physical, a mental, a moral, and a religious standpoint.

2.

Truths, like good seeds, require cultivation;

errors, like weeds, grow of themselves.

3.

It is better to be virtuous than merely innocent.

4.

Charity, when not guided by wisdom, does more harm than good.

These propositions may or may not be maintained;

it is the business of the discussion to determine this.

But certainly they present something definite for the mind to grapple with.

Both speaker and hearer enter with zest upon a discussion when it turns upon a proposition about which there may be an honest difference.

A well stated proposition bristles with suggestion, and thus has power to direct the mind into channels of thought undreamed of before.

Even though the subject, respecting which the proposition is made, be trite, yet the new aspect in which it is presented by a well chosen theme, will lend interest and attention.

Here are a few suggestive propositions for sermons on faith.

An hour in which to treat each of them would be limited time indeed:

1. The impulse to believe in a supreme Being is inherent in the human race.

2.

It is only when this impulse is guided by correct knowledge respecting God, His being, His attributes, and His works, that we can term it true faith.

3.

Without the attribute of mind called faith, the simplest form of society is impossible, let alone the complex form called civilization.

4.

Is faith a "sargasso sea,"as asserted by Colonel Ingersol?

5.

Faith which leaves out the element of reason is superstition.

6. No man can have true faith and remain unrepentant.

7.

That faith is most pleasing to God which resembles the confidence of the child in its parent.

8. Why Satan first attacks faith in God.

9.

Faith considered as a mechanical power.

10.

Why God ordained that we should walk by faith and not by sight.

These are aspects of faith that present themselves in less than five minutes'reflection. The list might readily be swelled to a hundred or a thousand all of which would vitally touch the interests of mankind.

Into sermons on these subjects could be woven history, biography, the lessons of fiction, the achievements of science and art, daily experiences, the hopes and aspirations that stir the soul like zephyrs from an unseen world everything that can instruct and elevate mankind.

And so of all other principles of our religion.

Whenever our Elders shall set themselves to be guided by propositions, instea'd of trusting to the vagaries of mere terms, trite preaching will have had its day among us.

The question will then be, not how shall I get a fresh interesting subject, but rather which of this multitude of fresh subjects shall I chose.

Note that a clearly stated proposition aids the speaker in two ways:

(1) it stimulates mind-activity by putting him in the attitude of instructing his hearers or of attacking or defending some principle believed in by mankind;

(2) it directs this mind-activity into a definite channel, thus preventing him from getting lost in the mazes of his own thought.

Take for instance the proposition, "It is better to be virtuous than merely innocent."Here the mind is first directed to the distinction between virtue and innocence, viz:

that innocence is a primal state, and virtue is innocence tested and tried.

This distinction will be widely illus-

3o8 PREACHING AND PREACHING.

trated, not only by the Adam and Eve of the garden of Eden as contrasted with the Adam and Eve bowed low with trials and tribulations and old age, but also by examples drawn from the experience of living men and women.

The reasonableness of the proposition having been demonstrated, it will be further strengthened by scriptural quotation.

The enquiry will next be how does mankind act with reference to this truth. The mind will here be directed to the fact that more than half of Christianity practically reverse this conception in belief, and a very large number do so in actual practice.

Roman Catholics must maintain that innocence is the state most acceptable to Heaven, else why should they withdraw from the world and enter cloister and convent?

Examples may be drawn from other religions, as for instance those of India.

Nor need we go to such general cases only.

Illustrations may be found in the peculiar customs and habits of all people.

Where does the opposition to the co-education of the sexes come from, save from the belief that innocence is better than virtue?

The third inquiry is most important of all.

How do we as a people act with reference to the principle?

In the education of our children do we spend our time in warding off temptation, or in fortifying their minds against it?

How many of our sons and daughters fall because parents have sought to maintain their purity through keeping them in ignorance?

Shall temptations be set before children, then?

No.

Shall children be shielded absolutely from temptation?

No.

What is the principle that shall guide us, then?

The same that guides God's providence: temper the wind to the shorn lamb.

See that temptations are never greater than can be resisted.

Such would be the framework of a discourse on the proposition, "It is better to be virtuous than merely innocent."This framework, be it noted, can be filled in by anything and everything that will appeal to intelligence and help to enforce the purpose in view.

Now, if you would know how the speaker has been assisted, picture him left to flounder through an hour's talk with nothing but the vague idea of "virtue"to guide him.

The crudest thing a man can set his faculties to do is this same chasing of some phantom word through the heights and depths of the universe.

I trust that my point is established, viz:

the necessity of a definite proposition as a backbone for discussion.

If further proof were needed it might be drawn from a consideration of the uniform practice of successful secular orators.

The lecturer knows the end from the beginning by reason of his analysis or "diagram"of the subject;

which is equivalent to the proposition, divisions, and proof of the preacher.

The lawyer never fails to "state"his case to the jury before beginning his plea.

The legislator speaks to some resolution or to some definite portion of a bill.

All these "talk to the point,"because they have a point to talk to, and because no other kind of talking would be tolerated.

That vagueness is tolerated in preachers is a pity; were they compelled, equally with their secular brethren, to swallow wholesome doses of merciless criticism, the Lord's work would be better done.

That they permit themselves to stop at "good enough"because no lash is raised above their heads is only another instance where the cloak of holiness is used to shield abuses.

Having established the need of a proposition in a discussion, we may next ask the question:

Is it necessary to state the proposition to the audience? Usage on this point is divided, though reasons are strongly in favor of doing so.

First, a proposition clearly stated becomes a bond of common understanding:

between

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

speaker and hearer—a sort of contract for a certain, definite kind of thought which the party of the first part agrees to deliver conscientiously, and the party of the second part, to pay for by close attention.

This understanding is beneficial on both sides:

the speaker, conscious that he has given his hearers a criterion by which to judge his remarks, and feeling that no defect in his sermon will remain undetected, no merit undiscovered, is stimulated to do his best, and do it coherently.

The hearers, in addition to the stimulation they receive from being made intelligent listeners, have an interest in the outcome of the sermon on their own account;

tor are they not led to think upon and develop the same theme?

Thus the attention of the audience reacts upon the speaker, and then his added clearness and force again stimulate the audience.

Consequently attention and interest demand that the proposition should be given.

Second, the proposition is a kind of key to the discourse. 'Sometimes, but not always, the drift of the sermon can be gained from the context;

but it is always by the expenditure of mental energy that might be more profitably given to the theme, were the theme known.

Whenever a hearer is led to ask: "What is the speaker driving at?"it is plain that he is losing what he ought not to lose.

It is often too late to give the key to the discourse in the conclusion for then the thoughts that needed unlocking are past and forgotten, or but dimly called to mind.

As the first aim in preaching is to be understood, so the proposition whenever it adds clearness should be stated.

But occasions arise when the proposition would better be left unstated.

In the speaker's mind it should be present at every instant of the discussion, whether stated or unstated, else he must invariably beat about in the fog of incoherency;

but when the stating of it would serve to arouse opposition, he will do well to approach his. conclusions under cover.

Often the individual arguments of a theme arouse no antipathy, but are, on the contrary, well-received.

It is only when these arguments are placed in juxta-position, so as to prove an unlooked-for proposition, that prejudice gets the upper hand of reason and judgment.

In order, therefore, that a series of arguments may have fair consideration, it is often necessary, especially in the missionary field, to keep the ultimate purpose concealed.

A case in point was my first sermon in the Southern States.

More full of zeal than wisdom, I faced the cold stare of an audience, out of whose eyes projected texts concerning false prophets, and boldly announced that I should prove from scripture that Joseph Smith was a prophet sent by God.

Imagine the effect of this proposition.

It was one of those narrow, straight-laced sects who try to follow the letter of the word, but do not dream of its spirit;

longhaired and fanatical to the last degree;

men who believe that the earth and stars and the powers of heaven revolve about a few scriptural discoveries that they have happened to make.

I am now quite convinced that the hundred odd Dunkers I addressed that day, counted themselves reserved from the depths of eternity, to come forth in these last days just to show the world how false prophets and wolves in sheeps'clothing should be treated.

At the time, however, I could only stand amazed at the first step in the program, which was taken immediately upon the announcement of my theme.

These valiant few in this big world of sinners, whose holy locks were squarely cropped near the shoulders, turned their backs upon me and rested their grizzly chins upon their fists.

There I stood and poured scripture for one hour—upon their rear.

Quite useless;

as well might the gentle rains of heaven try to soften the hearts of the moss-backed boulders of the forest; which, by the

3io PREACHING AND PREACHING.

by, these "steadfast brethren"resembled in more ways than one.

Here was an audience whose continual boast was that they followed the teachings of scripture in the minutest details.

Yet so hateful was the proposition I had made that they would not believe holy writ in support of it, even if an angel of heaven should proclaim it unto them.

I saw, when it was too late, that much of this unlucky discussion might have received respectful consideration had the ultimate purpose been concealed.

As it was, the last hope we had ofopening a field in this locality was crushed.

I sincerely trust that the Lord will forgive our Elders for the many fields they utterly spoil by their first crude efforts at Gospel planting and sowing!

Observe, however, that even in so extreme a case as the one just cited, it is not necessary to proceed without giving the audience some form of proposition.

For nearly every theme is capable of subdivisions, each of which should have its proposition.

And even where it is not so divisible, the proposition may be stated in so general a form as not to arouse opposition, and yet preserve that concentration of the minds of an audience, so necessary to a successful discussion.

Indeed, where the desire is to approach a conclusion under cover, the very best cover is just such a general proposition.

To have no proposition, or rather studiously to avoid making a proposition, is apt to arouse suspicion of something

Tiidden, something to be sprung upon the audience in the conclusion.

And in this case every hearer instinctively fortifies himself against the surprise, by refusing to admit anything.

It will be seen therefore that the need of withholding the statement of the theme for fear of opposition is more apparent than real.

The specific proposition may need to be so withheld till the way has been paved by argument, but it is generally best to give as a substitute some mild form of it that would not be objectionable.

A more real occasion for withholding the proposition is the case of the inductive sermon—especially the narrative form of it.

Here the very art of the preacher centers in keeping the "point"hidden, and the interest of the congregation hinges on the discovery of it from the examples and illustrations given.

In this kind of sermon the purpose should be kept more rigidly than ever in view by the speaker;

for the work should be so well done as not to need the announcement of the purpose even in the conclusion.

He is but a dauber who needs to say of two pictures which he has just painted:

"This is a man, and this is a horse.

A few words now in conclusion, as to the substance and form of the proposition.

It goes without saying that the statement of the theme should be csdm and impassionate No matter how vehement may be the filling-in matter, the proposition must address itself purely to the intellect.

Let all exhibition of feeling be reserved for its proper place—the conclusion.

Here is an example of this fault as taken from a red-hot sectarian sermon:

"Man until regenerated by the spirit of almighty God, is absolutely sinful; wholly an enemy of God;

in all the faculties of his being, distorted, depraved, guilty, and corrupt.

So that no remnant of spiritual life remains in him, but he is dead in trespasses and sin, and an object of God's utter abhorrence.

Such propositions, even aside from their objectionable length, remind one of the old flint-locks which would often spit fire so long at the priming vent that half the force of the charge was spent ere it went off.

It is equally obvious that the proposition should be simple and direct.

Clearness and definiteness are what

PREACHING AND PREACHIAG.

both speaker and hearer demand.

What—exactly—do I wish to maintain?

This must first be settled, else clearness of discussion is impossible.

Now, clearness and definiteness are more likely to be present where the words of the proposition are simple, and where the construction is direct; just as ambiguity and obscurity are most likely to lurk in words so long that they throw a shadow and in constructions so involved as to be full of labyrinths.

Here as elsewhere obscurity is often mistaken for profundity.

Whenever a theme does not admit of absolutely lucid statement, the first business of the discussion should be to mark its limitations.

"It is this I desire to maintain, not that."Otherwise confusion will result to speaker or hearer, perhaps to both.

Unity demands that one leading thought shall run through the proposition, and but one.

Nor must it be uncertain, among the multitude of suggestions that may cling about the theme, which that leading thought is.

For instance, take the proposition.

"Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness."Here suggestions spring from almost every word:

"Blessed"—by whom?

How?

"are"—or will be—which?

"Hunger and thirst"—how? Why should they?

What circumstance in life should lead the mind to hunger and thirst?

Give examples.

"Righteousness"—what does it mean?

Do all men agree as to what righteousness is?

If not, how shall we tell what it is?

What is it in the parent?

In the child?

In the brother?

In the friend?

In the citizen?

In the ruler?

Is our conscience a guide as to righteousness?

Is the Indian's?

These are not a tithe of the suggested thoughts that indirectly must find their way into the discussion;

but the leading thought is:

They shall be blessed.

It is this that makes the proposition a unit.

This is the thought which the speaker must maintain and prove.

To do this well, he will need to follow the life of a man who thus hungers and thirsts—follow it through the vicissitudes of this life and point out the connection between cause and effect, between the 'hungering'and God's blessings to him;

follow it to the promises of another world; and at every step draw a contrast between such a man and one who does not 'hunger and thirst after righteousness.

Where such a leading thought is not prominent in the proposition, even the speaker is led into ambiguity.

Unity next demands that a proposition shall be so restricted as actually not to include more than an hour's discourse can reasonably exhaust.

Some propositions, that thoughtless preachers enter upon, would require ten quarto volumes to treat.

What can be done by a preacher in such a case?

The utmost he can do is to drive a few stakes and drag a stone here and there into line for a foundation:

as to building the house—well, it is a cold place to leave an audience, and they never fail to absorb its coldness.

This attempting to speak upon subjects too broad is a common failing among Latter-day Saint preachers.

As before observed nothing can be cruder or more maddening to the mind than such a task.

Set a man to plucking apples from a tree and some pleasure comes from his work; but bid him pluck the stars from the blue vault of heaven—supposing that he would act as blindly in such a matter as he does in preaching—and his best directed efforts would yield him no more satisfaction than would a frantic beating of the air.

One other question deserves consideration, viz:

the form of the proposition.

Shall it be a declarative sentence or a question? This depends upon the method of discussion pursued.

For argument and persuasion the declaration is the better;

for exposition, the question.

Space will not permit me to amplify this distinction.

Observe, however, that the question creates the more mental

3i* TKMPLE MANIFIIS TA TIONS.

activity in the audience, since it invites every hearer to be a co-investigator; whereas the declaration tends to make the audience mere witnesses of the investigation.

If I have in this chapter succeeded in showing that a discussion needs primarily a back bone—that is a definite proposition—my next chapter will be devoted to illustrating how this back-bone needs body and limbs;

in other words, I shall discuss the principles underlying the division of a theme.

N. L. Nelson.

TEMPLE MANIFESTATIONS.

A CASE OF HEALING IN THE MANTI

TEMPLE.

For the encouragement of Saints who may be afflicted with disease, I present the following remarkable case which came under my personal knowledge:

Sister Karren Rich had been bedfast for five years with a disease which had a strong hold upon her entire system.

She was unable to turn herself in bed during this time and therefore had to be attended by sympathetic relatives and friends, who handled her almost as an infant.

She had a great desire to go with her husband, Elder Jens J.

Rich, to the Manti temple to perform some work for their dead relatives and friends.

They obtained a recommend from the

Bishop for that purpose and started for Manti one seventh of July.

One of their grand-sons was engaged to drive the team.

Sister Rich had to be lifted into the wagon where she was laid on a bed that had been prepared for her.

The party then started on their journey.

When about two miles distant from Monroe I met them, when they stopped their wagon and we had some little conversation.

I remarked, "I suppose you are on your way to the House of the Lord in Manti.""Yes,"replied Brother Rich,."if we can only live to get there."Continuing he said.

''Brother Williams, won't you pray to the Lord that He will give us strength to reach

Manti and do some work for our dead friends?"I replied that I would, and further that I could prophesy in the name of the Lord that they would arrive there in safety and that Sister Rich would be baptized for her health and should return home from the Temple a healed woman.

She answered that she hoped such would be the case.

I shook hands with them with a "God bless you,"and we separated, I going to my home and they proceeding towards

Manti.

After our separation I began to fear and tremble in reflecting upon the promise I had just made, but this sensation soon left me and I became cheerful and was satisfied that the inspiration of the Lord had prompted the promise I had made.

Brother and Sister Rich went to the Temple and she was baptized for her health. As soon as she came out of the water and was confirmed she was restored to health, and is today in full vigor of mind and body and rejoicing in the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Seven years have elapsed since that time, and though she has been baptized and had endowments and sealings for about five hundred persons during this period, her health is still most excellent.

She is desirous of going to the Temple again as soon as she can obtain the means with which to make the journey.

Though she is now nearly seventy-six years of age she is as.

active and nimble on foot as many ot our maidens of sixteen years.

Her husband attended to considerable work while in the Temple upon the occasion named, but shortly thereafter was taken sick and died.

Many people in this ward of Monroe, where Sister Rich lives, can testify to the truth of the statement here given.

J.

V.

Williams

THE REWARD OF OBEDIENCE.

There is one lesson which is worthy of the deep consideration and careful acquisition of all people.

It is a lesson, too, which seems necessary for everyone to learn, though sometimes only by bitter experience.

It is the lesson of obedience, one which, the scriptures inform us, the Savior Himself learned through suffering.

Blessed is the child whose parents carefully impress it from its earliest years with the necessity of exercising this principle.

For, however exalted one may become, there are always occasions when the spirit of submission will be of advantage to him who possesses it.

In times of war as well as in times of peace, great events sometimes require the most careful adherence to counsel or commands.

It is said that Napoleon's army was once saved from what might have been total destruction by the strict obedience of a sentinel to a command which had been given him to allow no living thing to pass during the night without the countersign, while he stood on guard.

As he trod his lonely beat he saw what appeared to be a faithful and wellknown dog passing quietly in the distance within the lines.

He called the animal, which did not readily respond.

He commanded it to halt, but as it failed to do so, he placed the gun to his shoulder and fired, when with a terrific yell the creature fell over dead, and upon examination it was found that one of the enemy was thus seeking to enter the lines disguised as a dumb brute.

We have often heard of the strictness and severity with which disobedience to orders is punished in Russia.

So carefully are the soldiers trained that it is said a general can command a member of any army division to perform a certain duty, and can tell at any moment until the order is reported carried out, just what the soldier is doing, he moves with such precision and promptness.

5 d Illustrating this, a story is told of a Russian captain, who commanded a man to perform a certain errand, and then turning his back upon the window from which the soldier's movements could be seen and taking a watch from his pocket, he reported to his friend who was standing near somewhat as follows: "The soldier is now starting from the room.

Now he is walking rapidly along the street.

He is now making his purchase.

He has paid his money, is returning, and now he is here."And as he turned the soldier was at his side with his orders filled, the captain having timed his every movement by an examination of his watch.

A Turkish officer who was standing near thought he could depend with equal reliance on his soldiers, and called an orderly to him and gave him a command similar to that which had been issued bythe Russian officer.

The Turk, too, timed his orderly, and as the moments had passed'which were required for the performance of the duty, he turned to receive the report of his soldier, when to his astonishment and the amusement of the bystanders the Turkish orderly replied that he had not yet found his boots and consequently the errand had not been performed.

Peter the Great, who is called a tyrant, but who was nevertheless one of the great figures of history, was exceedingly strict with those about him, requiring on all occasions the utmost promptness in the carrying out of his commands, and unquestioned obedience to orders.

One day a young recruit was standing guard before the door of the entrance of Peter's private chamber in the palace of St.

Petersburg.

He had received orders to admit no one.

A.s he was passing slowly up and down before the door, Prince Mentchikofi, the favorite minister of the Czar, approached, attempting to enter.

He was stopped by the recruit.

The prince, who had the

3H THE RI-AVARD OF OBEDIENCE.

fullest liberty of calling upon his master at any time, sought to push the guard and pass him, but the young man would not move, but ordered His Highness to stand back.

"You fool!"shouted the prince, "'don't you know me?"The recruit smiled, and said, "'Very well, Your Highness, but my orders are peremptory to let nobody pass."The prince, exasperated at the low fellow's impudence, struck him a blow in the tace with his riding-whip.

"Strike away, Your Highness,"said the soldier, "but I cannot let you go in."Peter, in the room, hearing the noise outside, opened the door and inquired what it meant, and the prince told him.

The Czar was amused, but said nothing at the time.

In the evening, however, he sent for the prince and the soldier.

As they both appeared, Peter gave his own cane to the soldier, saying:

"That man struck you in the morning; now you must return the blow to that fellow with my stick."The prince was amazed.

"Your Majesty,"he said, "this common soldier is to strike me?'"I make him a captain,"said Peter.

"But I'm an officer of Your Majesty's household,"objected the prince.

"I make him a colonel ol my Life Guards and an officer of the fiousehold,"said Peter again.

"My rank, Your Majesty knows, Is that of a general,"again protested Mentchikoff.

"Then I make him a general, so that the beating you get may come from a man of your own rank."The prince got a sound thrashing in the presence of the Czar, the recruit was next day commissioned a general, with the title of Count Oroinoff, and was the founder of a powerful family, whose descendants are still high in the imperial service •oi Russia.

It is very easy to conceive that confusion would result in army discipline if soldiers and under-officers could use their discretion in carrying out the commands of their superiors.

The general in charge usually prepares carefully beforehand his plans of battle, and knows how and when he desires each division to move.

He is also frequently familiar with the movements which it is necessary for some of his men to make individually.

Hence the necessity of undeviating devotion to the commands of the superiors.

Very much the same is it also in financial matters.

Both men and firms which were once strong in the financial world have been ruined through the failure of their subordinates to carry out their wishes.

Several years ago the Rothschilds held a large quantity of cotton in New Orleans which they instructed their agent in that city to sell when cotton reached a certain price.

The agent believing that this article would shortly command a higher figure held on until the sale he made netted a profit of forty thousand dollars more than he would have received had he obeyed the orders of his employers in London.

He joyfully informed the Rothschilds of the result of his deal,'expecting, of course, that they would be highly gratified with it.

Imagine his surprise and chagrin when he received a reply saying in substance:

"The forty thousand dollars you gained by disobeying your instructions is not ours.

It is yours.

Take it.

Mr.

your successor starts for New Orleans today."The firm for which he was laboring had financial interests all over the world.

It was necessary to their interests that they keep advised of all matters pertaining to their affairs.

It was also of the utmost importance tnat their instructions be carried out to the very letter.

In this instance there was a gain, but if they permitted disobedience on this occasion,

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

they could never tell when this same agent, or others of their employes might take other liberties in regard to their interests, and perhaps effect their ruin.

We advise all our readers to acquire this principle and be governed by it throughout their lives.

Children should be obedient to their parents;

workmen to their employers; Latterday Saints to the Priesthood; citizens to their government, and people everywhere to their God.

If the principle of obedience governed the people everywhere, prisons could soon be abolished for culprits would be unknown.

Streben.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

THE STUDY OF GERMAN.* In presenting a subject of such peculiar importance to the public and of such special interest to students, I realize that my task is a serious one, one to be discharged with careful consideration of existing conditions and circumstances.

I shall take into account the fact that we are Latterday Saints, that one of the chief missions entrusted to us by the Almighty is the proclaiming of the truths He has revealed unto us to the nations of the earth.

My lecture is divided into two main divisions:

1.

The preference to be accorded the study of German;

2.

Aim and methods in school-study of the German language.

By frequent quotations and references

I shall draw on the experience and knowledge of leading educators in our land, as well as on my own practice in teaching, which extends over the past nine years.

The supreme importance of language study is acknowledged in every school or academy.

President Eliot has somewhere said though in other and better words, that the power rightly to understand and to use the mother tongue is the consummate flower of education.

That the study of foreign languages will greatly assist in the study of one's mother tongue is not questioned.

But it is * Lecture delivered before the Students'Society of the Latter-day Saints'College by Instructor Richard T. Haag.

a fact that no one can appreciate the real advantages or disadvantages of his native tongue without knowing at least one other language.

Students who enter foreign language classes have a very imperfect understanding of grammar, but this otherwise dry and seemingly useless study at once becomes interesting, philosophical, and full of worth and meaning.

I shall advance no arguments about the preference that modern languages have over the dead languages.

It is so apparent that except for special and other preparation in philological research there is nothing that the study of ancient languages can offer that is not also offered by modern language study, besides all the additional advantages that a living thing has over a dead thing.

In Germany modern languages as potent agencies for mind culture stand beside the classics and share with them all their rights and privileges.

The beginning of a similar change has been made in our own country, where it is recognized that modern languages give a better (if not the only) opportunity of studying the true, living spirit, worth and beauty of language.

There may be various reasons based upon individual taste, preference and the use to be made of a language, to determine which of the leading modern languages should be selected for study; but he who has no prescribed plan should understand why the German language is to be preferred before all others:

col i. / (; /:

i r i \ mi-:n t.

First.

Because of the kinship existing between the languages and the people.

This kinship is original and fundamental, not secondary or derived.

Roth in origin and form the whole ground-work of the English language is Germanic in origin.

Historically we can trace this kinship between the English and the German to our common ancestors who two thousand years ago among the forests and marshes of Germany shouted their savage war songs.

This was the embryo of that great nation whose descendants were to include Goethe, Shakespeare and Mendelssohn.

Second.

Because of its literature.

It is asserted by the best critics of today that German literature, in all departments of prose and poetry, is the only one entitled to be named alongside of the English with any show of successful rivalry.

It may be a question oftaste or of patriotism which of these is first.

The world would not be poor with German and

English literature alone; if either were lost there would occur a spiritual eclipse, if both were obliterated there would be darkness with only here and there a star in the firmament.

I am quoting from Dr. E.

S. Joynes, Professsor of Modern Languages in the University of South Carolina, who further says on this subject:

''Germany has now become the schoolmistress of the world.

The distinctive qualities of the German mind, industry, patience, microscopic precision, combined with high ideality, depth of insight, with height and breadth of view and thorough intellectual conscientiousness, have made the Germans first in every department of research and scholarship.

As investigators and teachers they are unrivalled.

Their schools and universities are the foremost in the world.

In almost every department of pure and applied science they lead—in some without competitors.

In regions of abstract thought or of pure scholarship, their pre-eminence is still more decided.

All the civilized world goes to school to Germany and especially our own America.

.

.

Not mere students but largely professors and teachers, or those aspiring to teach, so that Germany is coming to be a great Normal School in the highest departments of American scholarship.

.

. We have fought for political independence of England;

in the future we may have to fight, with other weapons, for intellectual independence of Germany.

Indeed, the time is not far distant when it shall be acknowledged that at least our foremost teachers and thinkers in any department of scholarship—in literature, science, art, sociology, religion even must know German.

Greece, Rome, Italy, Spain, France, England have successfully held the leadership of civilization.

It looks as though we werecome to a German predominance.

Our country 'hedged by the inviolate sea'and protected by the genius of democratic institutions, may or may not escape this dominating influence.

But from the signs of the times it seems not too much to say that, in the generations about to come, the most precious and potent intellectual possession—next to the knowledge and love of our own language and literature—will be the knozvledge and love of German.

Third.

Because of its commercial and social worth.

In this respect we need only to refer to a few statistics to be convinced of its first claim to attention among foreign languages.

The last census shows that four million, six hundred thousand, nine hundred and twenty-eight Germans have emigrated to the United States, and it is calculated that over five million descendants from these are now living in this country.

It might be interesting to note here that there are not less than five hundred and thirty-six German newspapers in the

United States, ninety-two of which are dailies, with a circulation ranging from a few hundred to sixtv thousand.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

The others are weekly or semi-weekly papers with a total number of subscribers of three million, two hundred and seventy thousand.

No other foreign tongue can compare with such representation in this country.

As Latter-day Saints we have the words of prophets that thousands will yet embrace the Gospel in Germany and the work is opening even now.

In a letter I received last week from Elder Naegle,

President of the German mission, he informs me that in many places where formerly the preaching of Mormon doctrines was prohibited, liberty has been granted and a rich harvest may be expected in certain districts. Where ten years ago there were eight or ten missionaries there are now fifty.

Yet of the forty-nine millions of the German Empire and the forty-one millions of Austria and the millions of other nations who speak the German tongue, not one hundreth part have heard the sound of the glorious tidings of salvation.

What a work of preparation for those who would help in this ever increasing field of labor!

Coming now to the second main division of my theme, some may wonder why we should have anything to say on the aim in the study of German.

The aim is of course to know German, to learn to speak, read and write it, they will say, just as we have learned our mother tongue.

Yes, indeed, but have we not been fourteen years learning to speak, read and write English, and are we not still being taught its proper and correct use?

Under the best conditions, therefore, it would be impossible to learn the foreign language in three or four years as well as you know your mother tongue;

and under the present system of class instruction it appears a hopeless undertaking.

That our whole system of modern language instruction, therefore, needs overhauling is admitted by all who have had practical experience.

Between college and life there ought to be no gap.

Schleiermacher in his "Erziehungslehre"says, "If the natural passage from the school into life is not reached, then we have either been upon a false route, or we did not begin right."The present position of modern languages in our higher institutions does not represent that stage of careful transition and discipline which our age demands.

It is little less than a national calamity, says one writer, that language teachers should regard the chaotic muddle of conflicting methods with complacency, when the country cries aloud for reform.

Professors who have been in the field of language study for over forty years say that graduates wholly forget their Greek and Latin, German and French in after life; in fact we know that our graduates never learn these languages, they only learn ''a&ouf them. "As a suggestion for a reform we are told that not speaking but simple intelligent readi?tg of the foreign languages should be the aim set before the student.

But in my humble opinion it is just this setting aside of the aim of teaching the student to speak (which is now done in most of the leading institutions of the land) that constitutes much of the cause of such very imperfect and unsatisfactory results.

Can anyone appreciate the simple grandeur of the language of the English

Bible or the loftiness of that of Milton who does not know how English-speaking people commonly express themselves?

The every-day speech of the people seems to be the best starting point.

No training in modern languages is complete which does not include these three points:

facility in reading, writing and speaking.

Besides the public have a right to expect that their sons and daughters shall be practically instructed to understand and also to speak the foreign language.

Teaching to speak and converse will make the study not only more

3i» COLLEGE DEPAR TMENT.

complete but more interesting, more easy and more impressive.

Now, what a student does with pleasure, is certainly likely to be most profitable to him.

Shakespeare knew this three hundred years ago for he says:

No profit grows where is no pleasure tak'n.

In brief, sir, study what you most effect.

This is not done with a view of "making all things soft and sweet for the youths of this generation"but surely there is no special virtue in learning paradigms or rules of syntax except as they help us to understand and use the language.

Etymology, language, history, etc., except for occasional help, should be wholly omitted.

The grammar also should be for the reading and speaking, not the reading and speaking for the grammar.

The student should be taught systematically from the beginning and the teacher need not trouble himself about mental discipline;

that will come of itself.

The question which the world puts to the student is not whether the method by which he learned German was productive of mental discipline, but whether he knows German.

Therefore it is the essentials only with as little English as can be gotten along with, that should be taught, and this necessary amount should be administered in small and well graded doses, alternately with lessons of a different and more vital character.

Since we must learn to speak, it is better to commence right at the beginning, that we may not be encumbered with a mass ofgrammatical rules at the outset.

These rules will be called for soon enough and to such work, agreeable reading matter, conversation, story-telling, oral catechization, concert reading, songs, declamations, proverbs, idiomatic phrases and easy compositionwork should be introduced in abundance.

The great fault with the language teacher is his tendency to advance too rapidly, omitting the drill that is necessary; and to exhibit his scholarship before his class.

It is so easy to be a scholar and so hard to be a teacher.

After all—the aim, object, and purpose once decided, the method itself is of comparatively little importance;

it is at least not half so momentous a question as a great many people suppose it to be.

A teacher's method in one sense is nothing less than a display of his entire character in his work.

The greater questions here are, what and why.

The reform we are seeking must undoubtedly be found in an extension of the time of recitation allotted to this study.

Only so soon as it will be understood that nothing less than two or three hours daily at school and as many hours at home for at least three years must be spent on one foreign language, can we hope to look for better results in modern language study.

A great amount of time is now wasted in translating matter that really offers no serious difficulties and might be readily understood on the first careful reading.

Psychology teaches that the mind advances to the new knowledge on the basis of what it already knows.

Translation into English should not therefore be entirely avoided, as is claimed by some methods, but it stands as the scaffolding to the building of a house and is to be removed as soon as practicable.

Whatever technical explanations are then given will only make the study more attractive for every earnest, intelligent student is interested in understanding the whys and wherefores of phenomena that he has learned to use mechanically.

He is not then "the proud possessor of a few sentences without any literary knowledge,"taking parrot-like pleasure in his work, but rather he shall discover for himself some of the relations existing and the philosophy of it all.

, Lastly it should be understood that to speak a foreign language is a matter more of practice than of intellectual discipline.

But education

THE CRIME OF SUICIDE.

deals with the getting of new ideas, with the enlargement of the mental horizon; we must therefore aim at literary as well as linguistic scholarship.

There is a widespread impression that the ability to speak a foreign language is in itself an important evidence of culture.

It would appear as if this impression ought to correct itself when one sees how very many people there are in the world who can speak two or more languages with some fluency and who are nevertheless without anything that can be called a good education.

Professor Thomas of the University of Michigan has expressed himself very clearly on this subject and I quote his words and the apt illustration he has made of the ease with which that part of the acquisition of a language may be obtained:

"If any educated gentleman, ignorant of -German, were to go to Germany for a year's residence, and to take with him his three-year old son;

and if he were to engage a teacher for himself, and work hard for a year, making use of all the expedients which are usually resorted to for the purpose of learning to speak German, meanwhile letting his son play at liberty about house and street, he would find at the end of the year that he himself would be able to speak German in a halting, imperfect, unidiomatic, humiliating sort of way, which would betray his foreign extraction at every word.

The little four-year-old, on the other hand, would use the language, so far as he needed to use language at all, just like a native."The reverse of this picture is, that upon returning home the child wctold at the end of a second year, completely have lost his acquisition^ while the father's would have suffered;

but little.

If we examine the results I achieved by our missionaries who have been abroad for a period of two years, we are confirmed in our view of the limited value of the acquisition of a language mainly by intercourse, without thorough systematic study.

Neither does a French or German course fulfill its true mission until it affords pupils at least an introduction to the best literature of the language they are learning.

And here a word as to the refinement that such study affords, for the strictly practical side of education is not the only one that deserves attention.

When a German or Frenchman criticises the Americans he says that they are quick, inventive, but lacking in refinement and artistic taste; and in general we know there is much truth in their judgment.

Now refinement and taste are necessary factors of civilization: we cannot afford to pass by any opportunity to cultivate them, and how can they be more readily developed than by the study of literature?

May the study of language continually rise in this the Latter-day Saints'College and all the schools of

Zion; may the ever-increasing interest show itself in improved facilities and an outpouring of the true gift of tongues among the sons and daughters of this most favored land, that they may learn in all the power and force of the new tongue to express their noblest thoughts for the special blessing of other nations and for mutual joy and advancement!

THE CRIME OF SUICIDE.

A few years ago a case of suicide was mentioned with great astonishment and horror.

Instances of selfdestruction were rare.

Of late years, however, this crime has increased with alarming rapidity until now every daily paper contains reports of one or more cases.

It is not easy to account for this growing evil, though many theories are advanced concern-

THE CRIME OF SUICIDE.

ing the causes leading thereto.

During an epidemic of suicide which visited London and Paris particularly and other parts of Europe generally during the 'summer of 1893, the cause was attributed to the long spell of hot weather which the continent of Europe had experienced.

Heredity is blamed to some extent for such a condition of affairs, and there is doubtless much reason in this statement that people inherit the inclination to murder themselves.

The principal cause of this crime, however, can doubtless be traced to the life and acts of the person who is thus guilty, and while some of those who kill themselves are insane, an investigation of many cases has demonstrated that it is people of sound minds who mostly yield to this wicked spirit.

The absence of faith in God, coupled with the abuse of physical and mental powers, are sure to lead to a feeling of despondency which too often terminates in suicide.

In Catholic countries cases of suicide are rare as compared with other parts of the world where religion is not taught.

Thus Spain and Italy show a less number of deaths from this cause than any other countries of

Europe.

The cases which do occur in Spain are mostly caused by the drea.d which young men possess of being forced to serve in the army, as in that country the law of universal conscription prevails.

It is affirmed that out of every twenty deaths of adult males which occur in

Paris, one dies by his own hand.

It is also discovered that suicides are more common among the well-to-do classes, and it is found that children who have been reared in circumstances where every wish has been gratified, when they reach maturity and are crossed by many of the difficulties to which the human family are subjected, lose faith and courage and seek in death a relief from their troubles.

It is cowardly for any man to take his own life.

It indicates a fear to meet, grapple with and overcome the difficulties of life.

Even under the most distressing circumstances with which human beings are afflicted there is no reasonable excuse for this awful crime, which should have the unqualified condemnation of every man and woman.

God has placed His children upon the earth to gain an experience.

He knows the trials which they meet, and provides sufficient strength for the faithful to overcome these trials.

Any person who cuts his life short by self-murder, places himself in the rebellious position which Lucifer occupied, and virtually says, "I will not serve nor suffer.

In various countries laws have been enacted for the purpose of checking this evil.

In early England the punishment of the suicide consisted of an ignominious burial in the highway, without Christian rites, and with a stake driven through the body.

The goods and chattels of the culprit were confiscated to the crown.

In 1824 an act was passed permitting burial in the churchyard, without any funeral services, between the hours of nine and twelve o'clock at night.

In France an effort was made to check suicide by exposing in the public morgue the naked body of the victim.

This course had a tendency to restrain men and women from committing such|a crime.

In Brittany, as also generally in France, the legal custom prevailed of hanging by the feet any person who killed himself intentionally, and then drag the body through the streets.

The personal effects of the victim were sold to whomsoever wished to purchase them.

In some instances the body was tied face downward on a hurdle, which was pulled through the streets behind a dung cart, whose driver was the public executioner.

The body was then hung for three hours upon the public gibbet, and was thereafter thrown into the sewer.

All public knowledge of the criminal was then

THE CRIME OE SUICIDE.

sought to be obliterated.

This course was taken, however, only after the public trial of the dead body by a judge and jury who were selected for that purpose.

For the dead body, counsel was appointed to seek some plausible reason for the act of selfdestruction.

Failing to do so, however, the jury found the accused guilty and the judge pronounced sentence.

In Germany and Austria vigorous means were adopted to overcome the mania for self-destruction, and a person suspected of any such intent was placed in a position where the power of so doing would not be given him.

The following incident will give some idea of the care which the government of Austria exercises over its subjects:

A young student of the University of Prague, Baron Charles Di Klaversburg, when on his way to Vienna, stopped for the night at Black Eagle

Hotel, in a small town of Aredstadt, near Banzlau, in Bohemia.

Having been requested by the landlord to inscribe his name in the travelers'register, the young gentleman had the impudence to write in the column headed "Object of the journey"the words, "to blowout his brains.

The landlord, without reading what the baron had written, sent the book to the burgomaster in the evening, in conformity with the police regulations:

About ten o'clock, after the traveler had gone to bed, a soldier entered his room, drew his saber, and sat down on a chair by his bedside.

On the baron asking the reason of this intrusion, the soldier replied, "I am sent to keep watch over you, and shall be replaced in two hours by one of my comrades, who will be succeeded by others till ten o'clock in the morning, when you will be taken to Banzlau."As the soldier had said, the young baron was next morning put into a carriage and taken to Banzlau, where by the orders of the director of the police, he was examined by two physicians who declared that he was not insane.

He was nevertheless constantly watched by sentinels one of whom, in answer to his inquiry why he was thus treated as a criminal, replied:

"Because you declared your intention to kill yourself, and his magnificence the burgomaster has forbidden suicide under any pretext whatever."In spite of all the baron could say in explanation of his joke he was detained in close custody, and in due time brought to trial on a charge of writing what was immoral on a public register.

The tribunal declared the offense fully established, and condemned the accused to a month's imprisonment, a fine of two hundred florins (about one hundred dollars) with all expenses attending arrest, custody and trial.

It is true there are certain religious sects, such as the Buddhists and some African tribes which revere suicides for their bravery in offering their lives to heathen deities.

At the death of a certain Hindoo grandee in the time of the emperor Jehangir, fifty of his wives were happy in being allowed to die on his funeral pyre.

Among the Chinese and Japanese suicides were also quite common in the years that are past.

With the enlightenment which Christianity has spread among the heathen nations, however, these crimes are becoming less frequent, and are now not as numerous as are suicides among civilized people.

Life at best is but short and even though the suffering of the body and the burdens of the mind seem grievous to bear, men and women will be strengthened to endure them if they will only put their trust in God, for He has said, "That as thy day thy strength shall be.

Mame.

EDITORIAL

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake Citv, March, 1895.

SOME CAUSES OF INFIDELITY.

There is a growing disposition in the world, which is also finding its way to some extent among youthful Latter-day Saints, to doubt the Holy Bible;

to believe also that mankind can do nothing in this life which will affect favorably or unfavorably their condition hereafter.

This is a feeling which is much to be deplored.

There is no good reason for its existence among theLatter-daySaints, because they are in a position to open up the channel of communication between God and man, and thus receive knowledge from sources which are hidden from man's vision concerning the principles of the Gospel and the truths of the Holy Scriptures.

This opportunity of gaining knowledge is presented alike to old and young of both sexes.

Hence, the great condemnation which will rest upon those who neglect to avail themselves of this inestimable blessing of direct revelation from God.

Our observation and inquiries lead us to believe that one cause of infidelity is found in the acts of men who bear the Priesthood in the Church of Christ.

However much we may urge upon people to judge not of religion by the acts of men, those who are without a living testimony, and in fact all people, are influenced more or less by that which they see.

Where men in authority, therefore, violate the laws of God which they profess to believe, the results of their conduct will be manifested in the doubts, questionings and conduct of those among whom they labor.

Consequently, how necessary it is that men should be upright and live according to the principles which they accept.

Another cause of infidelity, and it is perhaps the principal one, is ignorance.

Since the fall of man, error has always found more advocates than truth.

It is the case at the present time, and every suggestion which is presented in published books or newspapers or from the rostrum which throws the least doubt upon Scripture, is readily seized by the doubting masses as evidence of the incorrectness of the Bible.

No thorough investigation follows and this doubt is allowed to exist in the mind, which, being added to by other seeming inconsistencies, finally ends in total unbelief.

There is nothing in the Scriptures which is unworthy of investigation.

True, many things which are written are now mysteries to us, but if we are faithful the promise of their explanation is assured.

But when we read that holy Book we should do so with a view to ascertaining the truth, and not with the idea of condemning things we cannot understand which we find therein.

We do not believe it possible for any man or woman to read the Bible with a prayerful heart without being impressed with its divinity.

This applies with equal force to those who read the Book of

Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants.

We therefore urge upon all young people to undertake the study of these books given us of God with humility and prayerfulness, with the determination to search for truth and accept it when found, being resolved that where any item is not clear to our understandings, we will pray about it and make further investigations until the Lord in His mercy makes it plain to us, wherever His explanation is necessary to our faith or to the proper conduct of our lives.

Another great cause of seeming infidelity is carelessness and indifference on the part of the youth.

This tendency should be overcome by the

M.

I. MANbAL, PART II 3^3 wise teachings and faithful examples of men in authority.

No one can deny that there is a wonderful lack of industry and earnestness among young people. We trust the associations of Zion will be able to correct these evils.

Young men and women should not be content to allow the Gospel to remain uninvestigated by them, for it is indeed the "power of God unto salvation to every one who believeth."Benefits of a Walk.—It is wonderful how this walking through a country of a fine summer's day lightens the heart.

It is a famous nostrum worth an ocean of physic, specially to be commended to poor, worn jurisconsults, before mentioned, and to poor, overworked officials on short furlough.

But to ministerial House of Commons men most of all:

to over worked parliamentary drudges that trudging will turn their sallow cheeks to the likeness of a pair of apples.

Setting aside that beaten track over the Swiss mountains, which every walking man thinks to be the proper country for his calling, and where, in truth, is an over satiety of mountain climbing, Jungfrau's glaciers, and such things, setting aside this well-trod region, let him try a land lying conveniently to him, and that is the "Gay, sprightly land ofmjrthand social ease,"—France.

Let him break ground 'twixt Bordeaux and Bayonne, and range the Landes.

Let him trudge from old Roman town to old Roman town;

let him bend off to the Spanish frontier and note where the races begin to blend—roaming leisurely from village to village and city to city—staying a short or long time as the humor takes him.

In that country will be found abundant profit and recreation.

Or suppose he take heart and strike across the border into the Spanish country, working his way among posadas and contrabandists as he may have read of in the novels.

Much entertainment in this, too, but more resolution and courage.

The sum of the whole is this:

walk and be happy!

walk and be healthy.

''The best of all ways to lengthen our days"is not, as Mr. Thomas Moore has it, "to steal a few hours from night, my love;"but, with leave be it spoken, to walk steadily and with a purpose.

The wandering man knows of certain ancients, far gone in years, who have staved off infirmities and dissolution by earnest walking—hale fellows close upon eighty and ninety, but brisk as boys.

Dickens.

Every action in company ought to be with some respect to those present.

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

BY MILTON H. HARDY AND GEORGE H.

BRIMHALL.

CHURCH HISTORY.

( Dispensation of the Fullness of

Times, continued. ) Lecture 19.

last days of president john TAYLOR.

Subdivisions:—His retirement from public view in consequence of legalized persecutions, 1885.—His two years of exile.—His death, July 25, 1887:

(a) the official announcement by his counselors, Apostles George Q.

Cannon and Joseph F.

Smith;

(6) the funeral rites.

Ref.

Brief History of the Church.

History of John Taylor by Roberts.

Deseret News, July, 1887.

Self-review:—1.

Under what circumstances did President Taylor retire from public view?

2. How long was he in exile?

3.

In what

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

respect could he be called a ^double martyr?

4. What declaration concerning the cause of his death was made by his counselors in their official announcement?

5.

Give date of the demise of this "Champion of Liberty."6.

Give a brief description of the funeral ceremonies.

Lecture 20.

president wilford woodruff.

Subdivisions:—Period of nearly two years during which the Twelve Apostles presided with Wilford Woodruff as the President of the Quorum.—The choosing of Apostle

Woodruff as President of the Church,

April 7, 1889.—The manifesto of 1890: (a) the word of the Lord to the President of the Church, Prophet,

Seer and Revelator;

(b) the issuing of the manifesto, September 24;

(V) the acceptance of the manifesto by the people in conference assembled October 6th.—The division of the people on national party lines.

Ref.

Brief History of the Church, pp.

166-168.

Self-review:—1.

By whom were the affairs of the Church conducted during the time intervening between the death of President Taylor and the choosing of President Woodruff?

2.

Give date of the choosing of the fourth President of the Church.

3.

What was the manifesto of 1890?

4.

Mention the three steps taken with the manifesto.

5.

Explain the division of the people on national party lines.

Lecture 21.

dedication of salt lake temple.

Subdivisions:—I ts chronological relationship to the three others already completed and dedicated, i.

e., begun before them and completed after them.—Time of building (40 years).—Laying of the capstone,

April 6, 1892.—The year of special *John Taylor was one of the martyrs of Carthage Jail, where with a walking stick he heroically parried the bayonets of a frenzied, cowardly mob.

effort for the completion of its interior.—The dedicatory services beginning April 6, 1893, and continuing for thirty-one sessions: (a) the preparation of the people for the glorious event;

(b) the admittance, limited to Church members;

(c) the dedicatory prayer.

Ref., Brief History of the Church, pp.

168-171.

Self-review:—1.

In what year was the Salt Lake Temple completed?

2.

How long was it in course of construction?

3.

Give a brief description of the laying of the capstone.

4.

What was necessary to worthy admittance to the dedicatory services?

5.

How many dedicatory meetings were held and how many people attended them?

AMERICAN HISTOR V.

Lecture 24.

Administration of President Lincoln.

1861-1865.

Subdivisions:—His election.—His inauguration at a time when the Union was broken by the secession of South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana and Texas, which had formed the souLhern confederacy.—The Civil War:

{a) time, four years;

(b) causes, 1. Difference of views on the question of states'rights; 2. Diversity of sentiment in regard to slavery;

(c) chief events of the first year of the war:

1. Bombardment of Fort Sumter by the confederates;

2. The first volunteer army;

3. The secession of four more states:

Virginia,* Arkansas, Tennessee and North Carolina;

4. Removal of the confederate capital from Montgomery, Alabama, to Richmond, Virginia;

5. The two great armies of Americans: one hundred and eighty thousand Union men pushing toward Richmond, and one hundred and fifty thousand confederates rushing toward Washington;

6. The battle of Bull Run;

7. The six months'preparation during which *The western part of Virginia remained in the Union and became a separate state.

M I MANUAL, PART II.

Congress voted to raise a Union army of five hundred thousand men and five hundred million dollars to carryon the war;

8. The Union plan of war, with its four distinct points to make:

first, to maintain a strict blockade of all southern ports;

second, to take Richmond;

third, to -open the lower Mississippi;

fourth, to break the confederate line in the west, march an army to the Atlantic and thence to Virginia;

9.

The confederate purchase of war ships from

England;

10. The inperious Alabama fulfilling the prophecy of Joseph Smith, that England would aid the

South;

11. The capture of Fort Henry and Fort Donelson;

12. Battle of Pittsburg Landing.

Ref.

Leading Facts in American History,

Montgomery, pp. 285-298.

Self-review:—1. What was Lincoln's policy as expressed in his inaugural address?

2.

Mention the two main questions at issue in the Civil War.

3. What book was a great factor in creating the anti-slave sentiment?

4. Where and by whom was the first blow struck?

5.

Give a clear statement or black-board drawing of the Union plan of the war.

Lecture 25.

Lincoln's administration (continued)—SECOND YEAR OF THE

CIVIL WAR.

April, 1862, to April, 1863.

Subdivisions:—Expedition against New Orleans as per plan, (a) the manner in which the river was guarded and blockaded;

(b) Admiral Farragut's fleet;

(c) General Butler's force; (d) the bombardment of the forts and capture of the city.

The war in Virginia, (a) McClellan's advance on Richmond with 100,000 men;

(b) Stonewall Jackson's raid;

(Y) Stuart's raid;

(d) the seven days'battles near Richmond.—Calling for more volunteers which came shouting, "We are coming Father Abraham with three hundred thousand more."—The second battle of Bull Run.—Lee crossing the Potomac.—McClellan and Lee meet at Antietam Creek.—Battles of Fredricksburg and Murfreesboro.—The emancipation proclamations, (a) the preliminary one giving one hundred days warning;

(b) the final one.

Ref. pp. 299 to 306.

Self review:—1. How was the approach by water to New Orleans defended?

2.

Describe a mortar and its ammunition.

3. Explain the nature of Jackson's and Stuart's raids.

4. What two opposing commanders fought for seven days around Richmond?

5. What were the provisions of President Lincoln's preliminary emancipation proclamation?

Lecture 26.

administration of president lincoln (continued).

second year of the civil war.

April, 1863, to April, 1864.

Subdivisions:—The battle ofChancellorville and the death of Stonewall Jackson.—Battle of Gettysburg.

—Surrender of Vicksburg and Port Hudson.—Drafts, (a) the necessity;

(b) the nature;

(c) the riotous resistance in New York.—Morgan's guerilla warfare.—Battle of Missionary Ridge.—Sherman's raid.—General

Grant placed in command as general in chief.

Ref.

pp.

306 to 312.

Self-review:—1. Who commanded the contending forces at the battle of Chancellorville?

2.

Describe the battle ground of Gettysburg.

3.

What notable day did Vicksburg surrender to the Union defenders, Grant and Sherman?

4. What part of the plan of the war was completely executed with the surrender of Port Hudson?

5.

Explain the draft riots.

DOMESTIC SCIENCE.

LECTURE 19.

CARBONACEOUS FOODS.

Subdivisions:—(a) Starches;

(b) sugars;

(<:) gums.—Vegetable acids:

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

(a) citric; (b) tartaric; (V) malic; (d) oxalic;

acetic.—Fats:

(a) vegetable;

(£>) animal;

(c) common; (d) properties;

relation between lats and oils.—Oils: (a) fixed; (b) essential.

Ref.

Talmage's Domestic Science, chs.

26, 27.

Self-review:—1.

What are the distinguishing characteristics of carbonaceous food substances?

2.

Name the principal sugars giving the chief source of each.

3. Name the principle vegetable acids occurring in food-stuffs.

4.

Why is it that a fruit jelly by continued heating becomes permanently liquid?

5. What is an emulsion?

6. Show the value of fats as foods.

Lecture 20.

vegetable foods and their COOKERY.

Subdivisions7—1. Tubers, bulbs and roots: (a) potatoes;

(b) onions; (e) turnips, parsnips and beets.—2.

Leaves and their stems: (a) cabbage and other greens;

(b) salads.—3.

Fruits.—4.

Seeds.—5.

Grains: (a) wheat;

(b) flour;

(Y) yeast;

(d) dough;

(e) bread;

barley and rye; (g) maize;

{h) oats;

(z) buckwheat; (/) rice.

Ref, chs.

31, 32.

Self-review:—1. Why are potatoes not to be considered as true roots?

2. Name the principal leaves used for food.

3. What do you know of fruits as food?

4.

Name the principal gums used as food for man.

5.

How is wheat prepared for use as human food?

6.

Describe the difference between crust and crumb of bread.

Lecture 21.

animal foods and their COOKERY.

Subdivisions:-Meat: (a) seething;

(b) roasting;

(f) broiling;

(d) frying.—Eggs.—Milk.—Cream.—Butter.—Cheese.

Ref, chs.

32, 33.

Self- review:—1.

State what you know of the relative value of some common meats.

2.

Explain the difference between roasting and baking meat.

3. What is the cooking temperature of eggs?

4.

State what you know of the nutritive value of milk.

5.

Explain the rising of cream.

6. What is cheese?

7.

Compare the nutriment value of whole milk cheese with skim milk cheese.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.

Lecture 16.

the rights of senators and representatives.

Subdivisions:—The Constitutional provisions: (a) Article 1, Section 6, Clause 1; {b) Section 6, Clause 2.

Members of Congress to be paid.

Paid out of the national treasury.

Compensation left to Congress.

Retroactive compensation.—Exemption from arrest.—Not to be questioned.—Reason of the rule.

Ref, American Government, ch.

viii.

Self-review:—1.

Upon what grounds are members of Congress paid?

2. What were the arguments in favor of national payment?

3.

How was the question of fixing compensation finally decided?

4.

What is meant by the clause "they shall not be questioned in any other place?"5. What is the rule respecting members of Congress not being appointed to civil office?

Lecture 17.

enacting laws.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions, (a) Act 1, Section 7, Clause 1;

(b) Section 7, Clause 2; (V) Section 7, Clause 3.—Controversy over the clause.—Bills for raising revenue.

—The House originates all money bills.—The English rule.—The reason for the rule in the United States.

—Reason for the veto-power.—Effects of a refusal to sign.—The veto in the Convention.—Presidential vetoes.—Bills, orders and resolutions.

—Limitations of the President's power.

Ref. American Government, Part II, ch.

ix.

ALL IS WELL.

Self-review:—1. What is the constitutional provision for raising revenue?

2. Where do all money bills originate?

3. What reason can you assign for the veto power?

4.

Into what two classes may vetoed bills be divided?

5. What is the distinction between an order and a resolution?

Lecture 18.

the powers of congress.

for this power.—National Bonds.

Treasury notes.—The Legal-Tender

Act.—The Banks of the United States.—The Independent Treasury.

—The resumption of specie payments.

Ref.

American Government, Part II, ch.

x, pp.

176-184.

Self-review:—1.

What importance is attached to the nation's taxing power?

2. What two kinds of taxes made by the Constitution?

3.

In which ways does Congress borrow money?

4. What is meant Subdivisions:—Constitutional pro visions:

(a) Article I, Section 8, by the Independent Treasury?

Clause 1.—(1) Taxation: (a) necessity of this power; {¥) kinds of taxes;

(c) duties, imports and excises.—

(2) Borrowing money: (a) necessity

Name the advantages of the national banks.

6.

State the argument in relation to the taxability of national bonds and notes.

Cres.

-4—0±—g%:

ALL IS WELL.

MALE VOICES.

Words and Music by James Hood.

Cres.

- =1 K *—i—"^CZ^ frl M m j p j \j~ 1.

When the heart is free from care and strife, And no clouds withhold the sun of 2.

What though Sa - tan in his fancied hope May try the work of God to Cres.

Dim.

Cres.

u d pr -p ts Z> ~~r life, And all ev il passions are subdued, And we with ho - liness imstop; Our mighty God—the priesthood's pow-er

Will him rebuke for-ev-er r u r, 1, v w ^ T *5 iTT.

U i v U.

V Dim.

Cres.

r—r—Si gg^^a l\ K -1 bued, Our broken vows we then re - new.

more;

Then heav'nly hosts sing o'er and o'er:

All is well, All is tfvell, W£ •J all is all is P.H p « L^ L All is well,

ALL

IS WELL.

ff rP"*—

*\r-*~ m—» S » i well, well.

With hope secure, we're free from plight; When ev il thoughtB are And truth and justice reign supreme When earth re- ceives her n N JS,.

.

,.

» fS N ^N N [S N m I—m -——>-*i J J all is well when we bat-tie set to flight, all is well, heav'nly King;

all is well.

IZZZL J \2 B_3_«i—3D when we all is well, -J-A 13^ -*r -0~ when for truth we s N k.- Ik- J 1 _ for the right:iv -#«- -^t all is well, m stand all is well.

when for truth we stand, §1=?

:?J all is well.

In God's cause we'll be fr—

V -^-=0^0 -m'g C £ » E B when truth will tri umph thro'the land.

ff/t p—

k Kn 1—

—y y is—\-i i vie - tors, when truth will triumph thro'the land, thro'the land.

^§E=Efef •^-HV—-V—

K ^s—zfc- ff ^ ff—^—ffi—

^—ff^ J yt y I 0X.

0- I I

Highest Honors-World's Fair.

Gold Medal-Midwinter Fair.

Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

Dr. Price's Contains No Ammonia, No Alum, or any other Adulterant barlow mausoN, JOHN JL CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt take City.

;';.mNlHLlHARRINGTQN, CONSTITUTION BUILDING.

Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of

Clothes, (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

JOHN cfljWEflcifl, FIRST - CLASS MADE TO ORDER.

Basement Utah N»*. Bank SALT LAKE CIT¥.

52 WEST, THIRD SOUTH.

SALT LAKE CITY.

THE SALT LAKE HOT SPRINGS SANITARIUM CO.. at (3 WEST, THIRD SOUTH

ST., SALT LAKE CITY, has the Finest Baths In America, consisting of magnificent large Swimming

Fools, Private Pools, and Fine Porcelain Bath Tubs.

The Sanitarium has conducted its waters from Its Hot Salt-Sulphur Springs north of the city, a distance of about 3 miles, into the Tory heart of the city, and has the greatest Bath and Swimming establishment in the world, giving health end recreation to untold numbers of men and women.

It Is a SURE CURE for RHEUMATISM, INDIGESTION, LEAD POISON, DISEASES OF THE KIDNEYS, and similar diseases.

Dr. Henry O. Marcy, of Boston, one of the most renowned and successful physicians in America, on a recent visit to Halt Lake City, said: "You people do not realize what a grand thing you have In your

Sanitarium.

I have visited all the famous European and American bath resorts, and can say that none of these waters excel the Sanitarium water for health-giving properties.

It is the finest bath 1 ever had.

All Utah citizens should see the Sanitarium, so that they can appreciate these wonderful

Baths.

Tbu are cordially invited to make a personal Inspection of the place.

Attendants will be pleased to show the Sanitarium without charge.

Bains, 35 cents.

Towels and Suits washed at Troy Laundry.

evei^ THE- 'PRESSING^ DESIRE OF EVERY CYCLIST.

.5 To moet a TEMPLE:.

RALPH TEMPLE CYCLE eO. 2208 MICHIGAN AV. CHICAGO

ALL WHO CULTIVATE FRUITS FLOWERS VEGETABLES For Pleasure or Profit, Should see that the Journal they subscribe to is the best and most reliable authority obtainable.

STANDS FOREMOST IN THE LIST.

It deals practically with fruits and vegetables, trees, shrubs and flowers, and covers the field of horticulture systematically and thoroughly.

It illustrates and describes methods of cultivation, improved varieties and labor - saving devices.

It is, without doubt, The Paperforthe People!

$1.00 a Tear {24 numbers).

Specimen copy and 50-page catalogue of horticultural books FREE on application.

American Gardening, 1 70 Fulton St., N.Y.

1892, MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best i remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTY-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

HOW READY.

The Fourth Edition of the M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 7, is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid, 25 Cents.

Also Twelve Lessons for this year's work of M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 2.

Price per copy, postpaid, J5 Cents.

FOR SALE BY Ji?e Contributor §o., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, P. O. BOX 520 and by other Book Dealers.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency and

Officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associa ion.

CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT?

For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to

MUNN & CO., who have bad nearly fifty years'experience in the patent business.

Communications strictly confidential.

A Handbook of Information concerning Patents and how to obtain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechanical and scientific books sent free.

Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special not.iceintbe Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public without cost to the inventor.

This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. S3 a year.

Sample copies sent free.

Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year.

Single copies, '25 cents.

Every number contains beautiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts.

Address MUKN & CO.. New Youk, 361 Broadway.

YOUNG

7Vv7SN Learn a Trade, and compete with the world.

Learn Typewriting and compete with Few.

The new ANVIL AND SHUTTLE HAMMOND is as good as any machine yet invented.

Not a few think it is better; The Contributor does.

So will you GET A CIRCULAR.

ROOM 424 CONSTITUTION BUILDING.

SUPPORT HOME INDUSTRY!

Goto BALTIMORE WORKIi SMEN'S SHQE STORE, Where you can get a pair of Hand Sewed Sh >es mad'!

fronj $3.00 up. First-clH8S Repairing Half Solinn ami Heeling, 75c.

Work guaranteed, iTJ.K.STANN, 66'/gE.2nd Soutn 1840-1892.

MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays i all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTY-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

HSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU *G0LD BAND *> FHAVOTING EXTRACTS, BfliqflCS POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO..

Michigan Avenue, Cor* Lake Street, Chicago.

No Riner Goods in any Market.

ASSETS 01ZE3F2 'ft $49,000,000 HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, salt lake city W S- WARREN, RESIDENT SECRETARY, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

FQake §im Forty %m in Utah will do it J ZM DC h POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 Wall S'reet, New York.

WORLD'S PICTdRIflL LIJSE.

Unkn* SYSTEM, The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Carsh^ Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office.

201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver W. Mink E.ElleryAnderson Fred'k K. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, General Mgr.

G.P.&T.A.

Mellin'sFood i Children everywhere are the best advertisement of Mellin's

Food:

with their sound bodies, straight limbs, bright eyes, plump cheeks and fresh, radiant faces, they are the highest types of happy, healthy childhood, and the best evidence that Mellill'S Food fulfills every requisite of a food for infants.

Our Book for the instruction of mothers sent free on application.

DOLIBER-GOODALE CO.

BOSTON, MASS.

^)W»)^)M^»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»)»»»»»»»» ¥ JL ¥ JL1 i:

Jl J;

¥ J ¥I¥ JL JL JL JL1 ¥ JLI J* J* ¥¥ 2A W, E. HUBBARD, 109 w, Second gouTH $t bALT City, Lake Utah