rles S. Zane's Biography,.ilNISCENCES OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN, in the MARCH Number, Biography of Judge H.P. Henderson

In the next Number.

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1895.

PAGE.

B,rthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

(Illustrated) Junius F. Well V alley Forge.

A Washington's Birthday Story Jl I Beyond the Arctic Circle Nephi Andersoi Shining Lights.—How they acquired

Brightness.

Dr. James Edward Talmage.

(Illustrated) B. F. Cummings Jr., Preaching and Preaching.

XVI N. L.Nelson.

Scandinavian Reminiscences.

IV.

The Branch at Aalborg Andrew Jenson.

Friendship C.

Hope Friendship Eternal "For, and in Behalf,"Editorial:

Association Work.

Our Biographical Articles Department of Inquiry....

Book Reviews Temple Work.....

M.

I. Manual, Part II Music:

O My Father J.

Merto.

Milton H. Hardy and George H.Brimhall.

.m.'e.c. L.W.263 Established Capital, surplus, $200,000.

$200,000.

WILFORD WOODRUFF, Prksidmw.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and Largest Sav lags Bank in Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Preat.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Prett.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Heber J.

Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G. Webber, H.

B. Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, Anthon H. Lund, Leonard G.

Haidy.

We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any Information yoadesire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 4.

MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

Dr.

0.

B. Hewett & Son, uX Dooly P.O. Block,DEN IS i S Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain.

'The Beet Work for the Least Money in the Territory.

~€=CTHE»=&» Y The Authorized Organ of the Y. M. M. 1. A. of Zion.

Prospectus for Volume XVI.

1594-95, In this -volume we propose to introduce the following special features among many other instructive articles of general interest:

Shining Lights.

How They Acquired Brightness.

Temple Manifestations.

Sermons from the Prophets Beyond the Arctic Circle., The Study of Self.

Preaching and Preaching, i\iormonism and Theosophy, Reminiscences of|the Scandinavian Mission M.

I. A. Manual, Part II.

Prize Story and Prize Male Quartette

Vocal Music Our Illustrations Department of Inquiry.

Association ^n[[T~tinn~ iiifll^ Our Missions Many New Features which we cannot now mention, will be introduced in Volume XVI of The Contributor.

Subscription Price, $2.00 per Year, Postpaid.

Address:

The Oontril3titor i Co., P. O. BOX 520.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH P. S.—Please remit by P. 0. Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

Gn

Detectives Needed Here.

Superintendent Chas.

Ainge, of the National Detective Bureau, Indianapolis,

Ind., announces that two or three capable and trustworthy men are needed in this county to act as private detectives under his instructions.

Experience in the work is not necessary to success.

He edits a large criminal paper and will send it with full particulars, which will explain how you may enter the profession by addressing him at Indiinapolis, Ind.

Newspaper Reporters Wanted.

We are informed that the Modern Press

Association wants one or two newspaper correspondents in this county. The work is light and can be performed by either lady or gentleman.

Previous experience is not necessary, and some of our young men and women and even old men would do well to secure such a position, as we understand it takes only about one-fourth of your time.

For further particulars address Modern Press Association, Chicago, 111.

Vfll SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR THE T UW CONTRIBUTOR.

Softly singing, mellow voiced, trained

Warbling Canaries that will delight you, a specialty.

We will send you an Imported German Singing Canary Bird in song for $2.00 anywhere in the country.

Send stamp for Circular.

O. EBERLEY, 66 LUBECK ST., CHICAGO.

DEMAND POND'9 EXTRACT.

AVOID ALL IMITATIONS.

FAC-SI MILE OF BOTTLE WITH BUFF WRAPPER.

FOR ALL PAIN Rheumatism Feminine Complaints Lameness Soreness ounds Bruises Catarrh Burns Piles It -mill Cure.

RUDY'S PILE SUPPOSITORY is guaranteed to cure Piles and

Constipation, or money refunded.

cents per box.

Se*nd stamp for circular and Free Sample to MARTIN RUDY,

Lancaster, Pa. For Sale by The GodbePitts Drug Co., Salt Lake City, Utah.

"Busy Bee"Washer?uns easy and does perfect work.

No rubbing necessary.

Warranted for live years, and money refunded if not entirely satisfactory

Fits any tub. Just the machine tor ladies who are not v< ry strong.

Thouids of ladies who used to hire their washing done now pave that pense by using the "BUSY BEE."AGENTS WANTED.

Exclusive territory. Agents make $100 to $300 a month. Ladyagents very successful. Farmers and their wives make $aoo to g400during the winter. One farmerin Missouri sold 600.

Price $r,. Sample, (full size) where we have no agent, only s2.

We refer to our P. M.

For terms to agents, address LAKE ERIE MFG. CO., 1 are of THE (ON'J'BIBi'5'OH. Salt tahe City, Utah.

FITS CUBED {From U. S. Journal of Medicine.)

Prof.W. II.Peeke,who makes a specialty of Epilepsy, has without doubt treated and cured more cases than any living Physician; his success is astonishing. We have heard of cases of 20 years'standing cured by him.

He publisliesa valuable work on this disease which he sends with a large bottle of his absolute cure, free to any sufferer who may send their P.O. and Express address. We advise anyone wishing a cure to address,

Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D., 4 Cedar St., New York.

CONSUMPTION To the Editor—Plea=e inform your readers that I have a positive remedy for the above named disease.

By its timely use thousands of hopeless cases have been permanently cured.

I shall be glad to send two bottles of my remedy free to any of your readers who have enffsumption if they will sendme their express and post office address.

T.A.Slocum, M.C., 1S3 Pearl St., New York.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor1604eng

Vol. XVI.

FEBRUARY, 1895.

No.

4.

BIRTHPLACE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH,

While visiting the birthplaces of the Prophets, my mind has been inevitably turned to the contemplation of the times and conditions surrounding their birth and appearance upon their prophetic mission to this world.

The latter is of such vast and far-reaching importance to humanity that every detail of its commencement possesses an interest, and leads, one upon another, to a profound conviction that not one ofthem was left to chance; but that all were divinely providential and necessary to insure the successful introduction of the dispensation of the fullness of times.

It is not for me to dwell upon the religious state of the world at the beginning of the century.

Those who read this paper are Saints, or the sons and daughters of Saints, to whom the assurance has already come that the spiritual condition of the world,, at this period, was as described by the Prophet Isafah, when "Darkness should cover the earth and gross darkness the minds of the people."It was in this extremity of religious doubt, in the midst of contending sectaries, one crying, "Lo here is Christ!"Another, "Lo, there!"that a new revelation was about to be given.

Even the appearance of the hand of God reaching down from Heaven to lift the veil that enshrouded the people; the voice of the Lord declaring that He is;

the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, to revolutionize the religious thought of the age, breaking down and utterly overthrowing the man-made creeds and dogmas that had been falsely held, through the tradition of centuries, to be the Gospel of Christ.

That the localities and the physical conditions, as well as the persons involved, in bringing forth this new revelation to the inhabitants of the earth should be considered in the councils of Eternity is most reasonable;

that they were chosen and prepared in advance is as manifest to the inspired student as the truth itself.

Where else could this message from Heaven so well begin as in a land lately won from the tyrannical control of the antiquated governments of the old sectarian world, and dedicated to liberty;

as in a nation newly born, though chastened and humbled and penitent, but with the abounding faith of youth;

as in a nation just baptized in the blood of its patriots and washed clean that its people might be prepared to receive the inspiration of the Holy Spirit and listen to the voice of the Lord?

In such a land and such a nation along the roadway over which it had marched to emancipation and civil liberty; in the very battlefields where its victories were won, the Father planted the seed that should bring forth the Prophets.

At the time of the birth of Joseph

Smith his native state had been in the Union but sixteen years.

Vermont was the fourteenth state to be admitted.

Its territory had been claimed in a large measure by New

York and New Hampshire, and un-

BIRTHPLACE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH.

til their claims were satisfied or withdrawn in March, 1791, the Green Mountain republic, for so it had been practically, from the formation of its independent state government in 1777, was kept out of the Union.

During all this period, indeed, from the first gun of Lexington, the

Vermonters, however, had taken a patriotic and earnest part in the war of the Revolution, furnishing a full quota of men and means.

The heroic exploits of the "Green Mountain boys,"under Ethan

Allen and Seth Warner in the capture of Fort Ticonderoga and Crown Point, are among the most fascinatingly dramatic of the whole war.

The battle of Bennington won by the sons of Vermont and New Hampshire combined, in August, 1777, was a most important victory, leading almost directly to the triumphant battle of Saratoga, and the surrender of Burgoyne in the following October, which event is chronicled in the standard histories as one of the decisive battles of the world, on which the fate of a nation depended.

The country had settled down to peace.

Under the wise administrations of Washington and Adams, it had taken its place strongly among the independent nations of the earth.

By the beginning of the second term of Jefferson, in 1805, the year in which the Prophet was born, a condition of thrift and great prosperity had been reached.

Not only was trade carried on extensively between the several states, incidental to the growth in population and the colonization of new parts of the country, but an active foreign commerce had been opened up, and the raw products of all occupied parts of the Union were finding ready shipment to the ports of all civilized nations, to be exchanged for their manufactured goods.

Vermont, in 1760, had not more than three hundred inhabitants, all located along the banks of the Connecticut River; but in 1800, forty years after, the census returns gave the population at 154,465, and ten years later it had increased to 217,895.

It was the period of most rapid increase and development in the history of the state.

There were fine agricultural regions lying on both the eastern and western slopes of the Green

Mountain range and along the banks of the numerous streams and rivers flowing either into the Connecticut on the east, or draining into Lake Champlain to the west.

The people came to occupy these lands from the older surrounding states, mostly from New Hampshire and Connecticut.

In the very commencement of the settlement of Vermont, lands were set apart by the proprietors of townships for the support of schools, and in 1782, legislative provision for education was made.

It established a system of primary schools in every township, a high school in each county and a state university.

The local or town authorities were empowered to levy taxes for the maintenance of a common school in each township.

I have referred to these facts of early Vermont history that we might better understand the circumstances surrounding the nativity and childhood of the Prophet Joseph.

For the personal account of those circumstances and of incidents connected with the lives of his immediate progenitors, I shall quote extensively from the writings of his mother.

The pronounced military impulse, the personal bravery and the patriotic spirit which were so strongly exhibited in the Prophet's character, were undoubtedly inherited in a large degree from his grandfather, Solomon Mack, a hero of the French and Indian war and a soldier of the Revolution.

He was born in Lyme, New London County, Connecticut, September 26, 1735, and he writes of his own life as follows:

"At the age of twenty-one years.

I left my master.

Shortly after which I enlisted in the service of mv

BIRTHPLACE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMETH.

country, under the command of Captain Henry, and was annexed to the regiment commanded by Colonel WhitinefFrom Connecticut we marched to Fort Edward in the State of New York.

We were in a severe battle fought at Half-way Brook in 1755.

During this expedition I caught a heavy cold, which rendered me unfit for business until the return of warm weather.

I was carried the ensuing spring to Albany., "In the year 1757, I had two teams in the king's service, which were employed in carrying the generals'baggage.

"In 1758, I enlisted under Major Spenser and went immediately over Lake George with a company who crossed in boats to the western side, where we had a bloody and hot engagement with the enemy, in which Lord Howe fell at the onset of the battle.

His bowels were taken out and buried, but his body was embalmed and carried to England."This engagement was at Trout Brook and occurred between Lord Howe in command of the center of the English force and De Trepezee's party of French, which had been lost and had been wandering in the woods for twelve hours.

It is described by Bancroft as follows: "The worn out stragglers, less than three hundred in number, fought bravely, but were soon overwhelmed.

Some were killed;

some drowned in the streams;

one hundred and fifty-nine surrendered. But Lord Howe, foremost in the skirmish, was the first to fall, expiring immediately. The grief of his fellow soldiers, and the confusion that followed his death, spoke his eulogy.

America long cherished his memory.

Resuming Solomon Mack's narrative:

"The next day we marched to the breastworks, but were unsuccessful, being compelled to retreat with a loss of five hundred men killed and as many more wounded.

In the contest I narrowly escaped Mackintosh House, Daiby Hill,.

a musket ball passed under my chin, within half an inch of my neck.

The army returned to Lake George.

On its way thither a large scouting party ot the enemy came round by

J.l<> BIRTHPLACE OF THE PROPHET IOSEPH SMITH.

Skeenesborough (now Whitehall;, and at the Halt-way Bn><>k destroyed a large number of both men and teams.

Upon this a thousand of our men were detaehed to repair immediately to Skeenesborough in pursuit of them; but when we arrived at South Hay, the enemy were entirely out of our reach.

The French marched back • to Ticonderoga to procure supplies, after which they pursued us, but we eluded them by hastening to Wood Creek and thence to Fort Ann, where we arrived on the 13th clay of the month (July, 1758). We had but just reached this place, when the sentries reported that the enemy were all around us, and we were suddenly called to arms.

Major Putnam led the company and

Major Rogers brought up the rear.

We marched but three-quarters of a mile, when we came suddenly upon a company of Indians that were lying in ambush.

Major Putnam marched his men through their ranks when the Indians fired, which threw our men into some confusion.

Major Putnam was captured by the enemy, and would have been tomahawked by an Indian, had he not been rescued by a French lieutenant (Marin).

"The enemy rose like a cloud and fired a whole volley upon us.

As I was in the foremost ranks, the retreat of my company brought me in the rear, and the tomahawks and bullets flew around me like hailstones.

As I was running I saw not far before me a windfall which by making a great exertion I succeeded in getting over.

Running a little farther I saw a man who had been badly wounded, and the Indians were close upon him.

Nevertheless I turned aside for the purpose of assisting him and succeeded in getting him into the midst of our army in safety.

In this encounter a man named Gershom Bowley had nine bullets shot through his clothes, but received no personal injury.

Ensign Worcester received nine wounds, was scalped and tomahawked, notwithstanding which he lived and finally recovered.

The engagement commenced early in the morning and continued until about three o'clock p.

m.

in which time hall of our men were either killed, wounded or taken prisoners.

In consequence of this tremendous slaughter we were compelled to send to Fort Edward for men, to assist in carrying our wounded, who were about eighty in number.

''The distance we had to carry them was nearly fourteen miles, and it was truly very fatiguing, insomuch that when we arrived at our destination my strength was exhausted.

"I proceeded immediately to Albany, for the purpose of getting supplies, and returned again to the army.

When Autumn arrived I went home where I tarried the ensuing winter.

In the Spring of 1759, the army marched to Crown Point where

I received my discharge. ""In 1776, I enlisted in the service of my country and was for a considerable length of time in the land forces, after which I went with my two sons Jason and Stephen on a privateering expedition commanded by Captain Havens."In speaking of his wife Lydia Gates, whom he married in 1759, Solomon Mack says that after suffering some reverses of fortune they moved to Marlow in 1761, "when it was no other than a desolate and dreary wilderness.

Only four families resided within forty miles.

Here I was thrown into a situation to appreciate more fully the talent, and virtues of my excellent wife;

for, as our children were deprived of schools, she assumed the charge of their education, and performed the duties of an instructress as none, save a mother, is capable of.

Precepts accompanied with examples such as her's, were calculated to make impressions on the minds of the young never to be forgotten.

She, besides instructing them in the various branches of an ordinary education, was in the habit of calling them

BIRTHPL4CE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH 207together both morning and evening, and teaching them to pray; meanwhile urging upon them the necessity of love towards each other, as well as devotional feelings towards Him who made them.

In this manner my first children became confirmed in habits of piety, gentleness and reflection."One of the beneficiaries of this teaching was Lucy Mack, the Prophet's mother;

from whom, as well as from his father, Joseph inherited a reverence for Deity, the Bible, and all sacred things.

She was born on the eighth of July, 1776, in Gilsum, Cheshire County, N. H., where she lived until about 1794, when she paid a visit to her brother Stephen, a successful merchant and farmer, living at Tunbridge, Vermont.

Here she first met Joseph Smith, whom she married in 1796.

Her brother Stephen and his partnerin business, John Mudget, made her a wedding present of a thousand dollars.

She proceeds with her journal as follows:

"Soon after I was married I went with my husband to see my parents.

Having visited my father and mother we returned to Tunbridge, where my husband owned a handsome farm, upon which we settled ourselves and began to cultivate the soil. We lived on this place about six years, tilling the earth for a livelihood.

In 1802 we rented our farm in Tunbridge and moved to the town of Randolph, where we opened a mercantile establishment.

When we came to this place we had two children, Alvin and Hyrum."While merchandising in Randolph,

Joseph Smith, Sr.

engaged in the exportation ofcrystallized ginseng root to China. He invested his whole capital in this venture, which at the time was considered very profitable, as the root, which grows wild in Vermont, found a ready market in China, where it was used as a remedy for the plague.

Through the dishonesty of his associates in this business, the venture was a failure and caused his commercial ruin, even the farm at Tunbridge was sacrificed and the thousand dollar wedding present, which had been preserved up to this time, also went to pay the Boston merchants for store goods, which had been bought on time, pending returns from the sale of the ginseng.

"After selling the farm at Tunbridge we moved only a short distance to the town of Royalton. Here we resided a few months then moved again, to Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont.

In the latter place my husband rented a farm of my father, which he cultivated in the summer, teaching school in the winter.

In this way my husband continued laboring for a few years, dur-.

ing which time our circumstances gradually improved, until we found ourselves quite comfortable again.

In the meantime we had a son, whom we called Joseph, after the name ot his father;

he was born December 23, 1805.

I shall speak of him more particularly by and by.* We moved from Sharon to Tunbridge.

Here we had another son, whom we named

Samuel Harrison, born March 13, 1808. We lived in this place a short time, then moved to Royalton, where

Ephraim was born March 13, 18 10.

We continued here until we had another son born March 13, 181 1, whom we called William.

About this time my husband's mind became much excited upon the subject of religion, yet he would not subscribe to any particular system of faith, but contended for the ancient order as established by our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and His Apostles.

"In 181 1, we moved from Royalton to the town of Lebanon, New Hampshire.

Here we settled ourselves down and began to contemplate with joy and satisfaction, the prosperity which had attended our recent exertions.

As our children * Joseph's mother wrote a history of his whole life down to the time of his martyrdom.

2o8 BIRTHPLACE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH.

View J^'bom south.

had, in a great measure, been debarred from the privilege of schools, we began to make every arrangeMi.from which he suffered for several months, during which surgical operations were performed upon his leg and large pieces of diseased bone removed.

At one time it was thought amputation would be necessary, but his mother objected and he himself opposed it so strongly that the physicians decided to treat it without going to that extremity.

The fortitude he exhibited in submitting to the surgeon's knife while refusing to be bound or to take liquor of any kind to alleviate the pain, is graphically described.

JuBurH DMWfl'S ClKiaF^AUli.

ment to attend to this important duty.

We established our second son, Hyrum, in an academy at Hanover;

and the rest that were of sufficient age, we were sending to a common school that was quite convenient.

It appears that these favorable conditions did not last long. The typhus fever became epidemic at Lebanon and all the family was sorely afflicted with it.

Soon after recovering from j| his siege of the fever, Joseph, who was then about eight years of age, was afflicted with a fever sore, The next move the family made was to Norwich, Vermont, where they rented a farm, and after sufferHeabthstone and Chimney Site.

BIRTHPLACE OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH

ing three years'failure of crops, they resolved on going to Palmyra, New York State.

When setting out upon this journey, they passed through Royalton, where they were obliged to take leave of Mother Mack, who had met with an accident on the way.

She lived for two years after with her son Daniel, and died probably at his house, just below the old homestead, in which the Prophet Joseph was born.

From all the evidence I have thus been able to collect it appears that the boyhood of Joseph was passed in the near vicinity of his birthplace, except a short season spent at Salem with his uncle Jesse Smith, after the severe trouble with his leg.

From the time he was born until he was about twelve years of age he lived in the almost adjoining townships Sharon, Royalton,

Tunbridge, Randolph and Norwich, Vermont, and in Lebanon, New Hampshire, which was less than thirty miles away.

He lived in the heart of the Green Mountains, in one of the most picturesque and beautiful parts of the continent of America.

Of my trip during the summer of 1894 to these scenes of the Prophet's childhood, I will quote from my journal:

I left New York in company with Spencer Clawson and his daughter Clara on Friday evening, the 10th of August.

We went by boat up the Hudson River to Albany and stopped at Saratoga Springs next morning, taking breakfast there and driving about the city and visiting Judge Hilton's Woodlawn Park, Saratoga Lake and the famous Mineral

Springs.

In the afternoon we proceeded to Caldwell at the head of

Lake George, where we took the steamer for Green Island, about ten miles down the lake, which is occupied by the Sagamore Hotel.

We were welcomed at the pier by my cousin's wife and children.

He had gone to Brooklyn and we missed seeing him there.

This is altogether an ideal spot.

Its picturesque surroundings and the modern comforts of the hotel combine to make summer outing there as nearly perfect as one could desire it.

On Sunday we proceeded down the lake to Rogers'Rock, from which point we drove to old Fort Ticonderoga.

The ruins are enclosed and occupy from five to eight acres.

It was here, one morning in 1775, that Ethen Allen with a small following of Green Mountain Boys stole up to the. entrance and demanded the surrender, the Fort then being in the possession of a British officer, who demanded to know in whose name, and by what authority.

Captain Allen responded, "In the name of the Continental Congress and of the Great Jehovah,"from which expression his fame is handed to the present and perhaps will be to the end of time.

We stopped in Ticonderoga village over night and the next day by train, changing at Leicester Junction,—at which point I must remember Joe

Hickory, who held up the train long enough to unload a wagon full of calves—to Burlington, and from there up the Winooski River (when I was a school-boy it was the Onion River) passed Montpelier Junction thence to

South Royalton, Windsor County.

Here we dined and procured a conveyance, driven by C.

P.

Abbott, who keeps a livery stable there, and drove down the White River five miles to Sharon Village.

On the way we stopped at the old South Royalton Cemetery and took a hasty glance at the names on the tombstones there, some of which appeared to be familiar.

Among them I took down several of the Dewey family thinking they would be of interest to Brother F. D.

Richards.

At the old Sharon cemetery I copied the following names from tombstones, simply as reminders that might be of interest to people whom

I know in Utah, and who probably are descendants or relatives of these,

JIM

MRTIIPLACE OE THE /'h'OPHET JOSEPH SMITH whose bodies were laid to rest at or near the times when they or their immediate ancestors left for that pilgrimage to the West, which has discovered and colonized the vast regions beyond the Ohio and Mississippi and which, in the days of their pilgrimage, marked the western frontier.

At the old Sharon cemetery:

Clarissa A. Smith, died October 5th, 1 89 1, age 75 years, days;

Sparrow Snow, died 20th of June, 1847, age 77 years;

Matilda N., his wife, 1 8th of May, 1865, age 84 years;

Benjamin Fairbank; Adam Eubank, 27th of December, 1856, age 66;

Asahel Davis; Captain David Moorehouse, 3rd of November, 1839, age 75 years; Rebecca, his wife, 29th of November, 1841, age years;

Golcord Quimby and Mahala Ouimby; Jesse S.

Keith; Moore; Stirling Shepard; Curtis; Goodspeed; Oliver

Fales;

Spalding;

Daniel Hackett;

Michael Avery; Willey; Asa Walker;

Levi Baker; Childs; Leonards; Parkhursts; Lovejoys.

At the cemetery on the hill above the village of Sharon I took these names:

Estus L.

Drown; Asa G.

Brown, died 23rd of September, 1857, a£e 74! Agnes, his wife, 20th of April, i860, age 77;

Fairbanks Bush, 24th of February, 1873, age 100; Amy, his wife, 9th of March, 1852, age 78;

Israel G. Smith, 24th of October, 1881, age 71;

Clara B., his wife, 6th of December, 1876, age 63;

Alpheus Ladd, 25th of February, 1869, age 81;

Betsey Carpenter, his wife, 8th of July, 1869, age 77;

Oliver Lathrop, 20th of January, 1834, age 77;

Eunice, 2 1 st of October, 1836, age 80;

Deacon Timothy Marsh, 2nd of October, 1861, age 75; Fannie, 15th of April, 1 82 1, age 36; Philena, 21st of March, 1868, age 78;

John P.

Smith, 5th of February, 1880, age 75;

Harriet Bush, 3rd of January, 1874, age 66;

Asahel B.

Aldrich, August 21st, 1890, age 73;

Percis, 10th of February, 1877, age 73!

Nicholas Jacobs, born 29th of March, 1813, died 12th of June, 1884;

Lavina, died 15th of July, 1884, age 71;

Alfred Bill, 22nd of March, 1867, age 90;

Hannah Newcomb, 1 2th of March, 18 14, age 30;

Betsey Fuller, 15th of March, 1822, age 32;

Rev.

James Parker, 17th of March, 1839, age 76;

Keziah P.

Parker, 13th of July, 1840, age 78;

Paulina Merrill, wife of Caleb Parker, died 23rd of May, 1875, age 71;

Captain Seth Hart, soldier of the Revolution, died 26th of December, 1845, age 89;

Mary K., August 24th, 1848, age 83; Mary Hart, died 2nd of August, 1850, age 60; Deacon Samuel Steele, 29th of January, 1849, age 87;

Sarah, 19th of October, 1859, age 92; Samuel Page, 1st of July, 1847, age 80;

Elizabeth Page, 19th of January, 1851, age 80; Cyrus B. Robinson, born 4th oi

November, r 808, died 24th of February, 1864; Thankful Robinson, 28th of October, 181 1, died 3rd of May, 1858.

Aunt Zina D. Young will be interested in this inscription on a stone standing alone:

"Born, Martha Huntington, January 15th, 1790;

died Martha Downer, September 16th, 1871."This cemetery is most beautifully situated on the top of the hill above the village, and just outside of the fence is one of the most magnificent pine trees I ever saw.

Ten feet from the ground it is divided into four equal parts, which shoot up forming four branches of about equal height.

It is a most conspicuous land-mark, and can be seen from the greatest distance.

The vision is uninterrupted by the mountains there.

We inquired at the town clerk's office in the village of Sharon, for the house in which Joseph the Prophet was born, and he directed us on a road leading back towards Royalton, about two and a half miles, to the farm house of Harvey Smith, from whom he said we could get exact information.

We drove

BIRTHPLACE OF

7 HE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH.

I up to Harvey Smith's, near the summit of Dairy Hill, and after buying some maple sugar from his wife—

good-natured, matronly old lady (who has since died) we took him up with us in the carriage and went about three-quarters of a mile further, passing at the corner of the street, the old Dimick place—a hundred years old.

We left the team and vehicle tied to the porch of the old Mackintosh house and walked across the fields to a magnificent eminence in a pasture now owned by Henry Hart.

The dividing line between the townships of Royalton and Sharon runs through it.

Here we found the cellar walls and the foundations of the house in which Joseph was born.

The hearthstone is also left.

The foundation shows that the house was about 22 x 24 feet in size; the cellar is 8 feet wide by 20 feet long, and from the bottom is growing quite a large sumach bush.

There were other bushes that had died and fallen all about the foundation walls.

About the house and all over the hill on which it is located are some very old apple trees; they look, some of them, as though they might j have been there a hundred years. Down to the left of this site is the old Mack place.

It was afterwards occupied by a man named White, and was known as the White Farm House.

It is also now gone and only the foundations left.

Here Daniel Mack lived for many years.

Harvey Smith, our guide, in speaking of him, said he was a very peculiar character.

He was asked one time about planting potatoes—what would be the best time of the year.

"Oh,"he said, "most any time along in May, June or July.

I think October, though, would be a little late "His son, Lyman Mack, married Harvey Smith's cousin, Miss Wealthy Merchant.

Harvey Smith's father was Obadiah Smith, and his mother's name was Holbrook.

After finishing our visit to this interesting spot, from which a truly magnificent view of the Green Mountains is obtained, our hearts deeply impressed with all that we had seen, we drove back to Royalton, where I arranged with Mr. Abbott to have a number of photographic views made, and as the night closed in, we proceeded down by train to the White River Junction.

Junius F.

Wells.

Down the River.

South Kotalton, Vt.

VALLKY

H)R(iK.

A WASHINGTON s hirthday story CHAPTER I.

In all directions stretched a field of virgin snow, bespangled with glittering frost crystals.

The moon shone upon it with steady, frigid light, imparting a pure and dazzling brightness.

Here and there the level surface of the snow was broken by dark, irregular heaps, which told where the rude, cheerless huts and tents of the soldiers were situated.

At uncertain intervals, pillars of smoke from the camp-fires rose in the clear, frosty air, for on account of the scant clothing and insufficient shelter of the soldiers, it was necessary to keep the fires burning steadily.

To finish the picture, the staunch and erect figure of a sentinel might be seen, as he paced back and forth on his beat.

Such was the scene presented at Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, on the morning of February 15, 1778.

The patriot army, under the leadership of General George Washington, had been encamped here since early winter, Philadelphia having fallen into the hands of the British.

The officers were- uncomfortably stationed in the inadequate houses of the little village, while the common soldiers, left in some cases without the protection of dwellings, were subjected to suffering the magnitude of which is spoken of only in the imaginative writings of the poets and the annals of historians.

On the occasion to which attention is now called, the air was keen with the frost of early morning.

During the greater part of the night a heavy snow had fallen, but before dawn it ceased, the clouds cleared away, and now the whole atmosphere was pervaded by the fresh, healthful but torturing cold succeeding the purifying storm.

Just as the first faint streaks of dawn illumined the eastern horizon, the sentinel saw an object approaching the outskirts of the camp.

Instantly his musket was leveled, and he shouted, "Who goes there?""A friend,"ra.ig out a clear voice, as the person paused in his advance.

''Come forward, friend, and give the countersign,"said the sentinel.

Ina laughing tone the man spoke the required word, and then approached near enough for his features and uniform to be recognized.

The sentinel immediately stood erect and passed through the beautiful forms of the military salute.

The lieutenant, for the uniform of the newcomer betokened this rank, returned the salute, and then approached the fire the sentinel had made, and stretched out his hands to it.

Throwing off the stiffness of military discipline, the young officer entered into a free conversation with the soldier.

"How long have you been on duty, Tom!""Five hours,"answered the person addressed.

''The clouds were clearing away when I came out.

It has been cold enough for a Laplander."The lieutenant approached the sentinel and looked closely at his apparel.

"My poor fellow,"he said compassionately, "are these your only shoes?"Tom glanced ruefully at them.

They were broken in several places, permitting his feet to come into uncomfortable contact with the snow.

He answered the question in the affirmative.

"Heavens, man, your feet will surely be frozen,"exclaimed the officer.

"Come up to the fire and let me take your place there."

As the soldier obeyed, he glanced at the lieutenant's clothes and exclaimed.

'You are no better dressed than I."The officer laughed as he took the musket.

"Never mind, Tom,"said he.

''I have been taking violent exer-

VALLEY FORGE

cise this morning.

I arose from my downy couch—downy, if you will pardon the pun, because of being down on the ground—at five o'clock, and have spent the hour in testing and developing my sprinting powers.

I think that with the practice thus obtained I could well lead my command in a retreat."This remark was followed by a hearty laugh from both men, and the soldier answered, "I fancy I see the brave and gallant Lieutenant Edward Courtney leading his force in anything but a charge.

There is no retreat in you.

When I followed you at the battle of Germantown, I feared you would lead your party to sure destruction, even after the general had given the order for the retreat.

''You do me unlooked for honor, said the young officer.

"But it is not undeserved,"answered the other.

"Tom,"said the young lieutenant, laying his hand on the shoulder of his friend, "I have lately been thinking much of your sister Kate.

"I was of the opinion that you always thought much of her,"was the laughing reply.

"A truce to nonsense,"said the officer, with the familiar air of an old friend, "I shall not permit the lady's name to be spoken in jest;"this in a tone of mock indignation.

"But to be more serious, as it will soon be time for me to be at my post, I have been thinking of her with some degree of fear, for I have understood that she is now with your aunt in Philadelphia.""You are right,"answered the other; "she is there.

"Is not your aunt a tory?""Boiled down and concentrated,"answered Tom.

"Yes, Kate is in a perfect hot-bed of toryism, but

I do not fear for her loyalty so long as you and I are suffering for the patriot cause.""I do not fear for her immediate safety,"answered Lieutenant Courtney; "but it is quite possible that the influence she encounters there may lessen her allegiance to the cause, and lead her by degrees to sympathy with our enemies.""As her lover and future husband, do you judge her thus?"asked Tom, with an approach to anger.

The officer sighed.

"Proof has been given in too many instances that the most valiant in the cause of freedom, when brought in contact with the opposite party, may be led to desert the right.

Is it not Pope that writes:

'Vice is a monster of so frightful mien,

As to be hated needs but to be seen;

But seen too oft, familiar with his face,

We first endure, then pity, then embrace.'

If this may be said of vice, which at first is repulsive, how much more probable is it that the attractive luxuries in which the British are indulging may become incentives for one to desert the forlorn cause of suffering brother and lover?'"I see the force of your argument,"said the soldier thoughtfully, "yet I affirm that my sister would be the last to sell her faithfulness for a mess of such pottage.""I heartily agree with you.

As her lover I have the utmost faith in her integrity.

When I left her two years ago to join the patriot forces, she whispered with her parting kiss that her heart would be divided between her lover and the cause of freedom he represents.

I know that the promise was from her soul, and that her heart is true.

God grant it may remain so.""Amen to that,"answered Tom.

"But look, Tom,"said the lieutenant, again assuming his bantering tone; "behold my uniform.

Once it was blue;

now it displays various shades as a result of the process of patching and fading.

It is almost entirely made up of fresh air.

Do you think that the beautiful Kate Somers, living in the Quaker Town, mingling with the brilliantly uniformed British officers, petted by

VALLEY FORGE.

all, and regarded as a queen of society, can bestow one thought on poor, ragged, forsaken me?"There was no answering laugh in the reply of the young soldier.

His brow darkened as he said, "If my sister enjoys herself in the society of the enemies of her country while we are suffering here, she must never expect a brother's regard from me.

Such an offence would be unpardonable!"It was now fully light, and the officer returned the musket to his companion, who was thoroughly warmed.

"Good bye, Tom, ".he said as he walked rapidly to his room.

Filled with the thoughts suggested to him by the recent conversation, he wrote an earnest letter to his sweetheart, describing to her the condition of the army, calling attention to the difficulties and dangers besetting the cause of freedom, reminding her of her vows of faithfulness to it, and asking her assistance and sympathy in the work to which he had devoted himself.

CHAPTER II.

The house of Isaac Potts in Valley

Forge was occupied by General Washington as his headquarters, on the morning when the conversation related above occurred; the general was sitting in his cheerless room, intently studying some bulky papers which lay upon the table.

His browwore a thoughtful expression, which was fast deepening into a look of sadness.

With a sigh he arose and paced the narrow width of the apartment.

"They give me no rest,"he said, bitterly.

"Do what I may to stem the tide of disaster now setting in so strongly, I am beset on every hand by open foes and false friends.

Congress will do nothing for the army, and I am blamed for the suffering of the troops.

I am censured both openly and secretly for the defeats of

Germantown and Brandywine.

Without supplies, without clothing, the soldiers are growing desperate, yet in the face of these discouragements, I am expected to keep up their bravery and patriotism.

He seated himself again at the table and rang a bell, commanding the orderly who came in answer to the call, to find a trusty man, preferably an officer, for a very important duty.

In half an hour Lieutenant Courtney came into the room.

.

After asking the young officer concerning his acquaintance with Philadelphia, which proved to be accurate and extensive, General Washington ordered him to repair to that city, and there gain as much information as possible about the anticipated movements of the British, the feeling toward him on the part of the people still true to the patriot cause, the plot being formed against him by General Conway and others, to have him superseded by General Gates.

In fact, to gain all possible information on all matters of interest and importance to the American troops.

He was also ordered to ascertain how widespread disaffection was among the soldiers themselves, and how general the threats of desertion.

"Without their assistance and the sympathy of the people,"said he, "I can do nothing."Hegrasped the young lieutenant's hand, and the latter proceeded to make preparations to fulfill his orders.

In the most fashionable part of the city of Philadelphia, stood a brown stone house of spacious dimensions.

Broad halls and roomy apartments, furnished with all the conveniences and luxuries known to the wealthy of that city, betokened expensive tastes, and the means of gratifying them.

In the main parlor of the house sat two women one of portly form and somewhat pompous appearance;

she was apparently fifty years of age.

She sat at a little desk, with a newly opened letter before her.

As she read and re-read the missive, she seemed half pleased and half inclined to vexation.

VALLEY FORGE.

The other occupant of the room was a girl of eighteen.

She was thoughtful and anxious, and these feelings imparted to her face a dignity and maturity beyond her years.

Her eyes were blue and her hair a rich hazel brown, her features were regular and of refined cast.

She was regarding her companion with an expression of anxious inquiry.

At length the elder lady turned to the girl and spoke somewhat hastily and warmly:

"'Kate, I wish you to do me a favor.""Auntie, name it.

If it is in my power—'"It is in your power, and you can do nothing to make me happier.""But will it make me any less happy?"Her aunt was thoughtful for a few moments before speaking.

"It depends,"she said at length, "on your manner of regarding the favor.

You have spoken so much on this subject, that I am in doubt if you have meant all you have said.

"On what subject?"asked the girl impatiently.

"Well,"bluntly replied her aunt, ''here is an invitation I am particularly anxious to accept, and

I cannot do so unless you accept it with me.

As she spoke she handed her niece the letter.

The girl perused it deliberately.

Then she read it aloud in a methodical manner:

"Colonel Charles March requests the pleasure of the company of Mrs.

Howard and her niece, Miss Somers, at a ball this evening at eight.

"Philadelphia, February 15, 1778.

She bit her lip.

"Colonel March,"she mused.

"Is he not the British officer who was so attentive to me on his visit here last November!""Yes;

the young, tall, handsome man, who seemed to dote on you.

He declared to me afterward that you approached more nearly the English type of beauty than any other American girl he had met.""Bosh!"answered Kate in an impatient tone.

"Is this his best bait?

He might as well have told you that I look like a Russian or a Turk.

It means nothing to me.""Come, Kate, don't be unreasonable.

I want you to accept this invitation.

You have always opposed the British in their laudable efforts to crush out this rebellion which is desolating the country. You have called them oppressors and tyrants, and have rehearsed the inflamatory speeches of Patrick Henry and Samuel Adams, until you are imbued with their spirit.

I ask you merely to mingle with the British officers once, and discover their true character.

You will find them refined, gentlemanly and considerate, quite opposite to your preconceived notion of them.

"But Auntie, think of Ned Courtney.

Poor fellow, away off in camp at Valley Forge, almost freezing to death while I am playing the traitor and dancing and rejoicing with his enemies.

What would the poor boy think?""He need never know it, Kate.

Cease thinking of him now, and I promise you will have no thought for him when you are enjoying the hospitality of our friends.

Come.

If after seeing what you will tonight you still cling to what you are pleased to call the patriot cause, I shall give you up as obdurate.""Mark me dowh incorrigible now,

Auntie, without atrial,"laughed the girl.

"I will accept the invitation on one condition; that you permit me to leave at my own pleasure.""There is no reason at all for my refusing you this condition, for I know your pleasure will be to stay.

It was but a short distance from the home of Mrs. Howard to the headquarters of Colonel March.

He occupied a house almost as pretentious as Mrs. Howard's.

Its owners, adherents of the patriot cause, had been driven from their homes upon the capture of Philadelphia by the British, and the luxuries they had

2l6 VALLEY FORGE accumulated for the winter were being enjoyed by the gallant colonel and his aides.

On the occasion in question, the evening of February 15, 1778, the house was fitted up with due magnificence.

The ballroom was brilliantly lighted with wax candles, in golden chandeliers, and the richly carved furniture was arranged in the most tasteful and artistic manner in the room devoted to the reception of the guests.

Here sat Colonel March, conversing in a joyous and vivacious manner with the guests already assembled.

He was a young man of handsome form and face.

His features were of the determined type, and his steady eye betrayed the utmost self-confidence and force of will.

He was dressed in the rich uniform of the British colonel, with its heavy epaulettes and wealth of trimming.

"Mrs.

Howard and Miss Kate Somers,"announced the butler at the door.

Colonel March arose and welcomed the two ladies in a most respectful manner.

"I am indeed pleased,"said he, "to be honored with your company."Both ladies bowed and passed into the room.

Introductions followed, and soon the entire party was partaking of the enjoyment of the dance.

The brilliance of the lights, the profusion of ornamentation, the warmth of the greetings she received from the officers, the marked attentions Colonel March bestowed upon her, all these combined to cause Kate Somers to forget for the time her true allegiance, and, as her aunt had predicted, she gave herself up heart and soul to the enjoyment of the hour.

Nor did her aunt disapprove of the attentions of the colonel.

He was so considerate and so gentlemanly that the young lady, pleased and flattered, seemed more than half willing to believe the many compliments he gave her;

and more than one of the other officers present determined upon terms of congratulation to the colonel, upon his making simultaneously a convert to the British cause, and a conquest of the heart.

In.

the midst of the festivities refreshments were served, and while the guests were partaking of them, the charming conversation and vivacious wit of the young American lady attracted the most brilliant of the gentlemen guests about her.

In the meantime, Lieutenant Courtney was walking through the streets of the city, in the discharge of his important mission.

He had been in several strongholds of the British, and had heard much regarding their plans for the future.

He had heard with alarm that the cabal formed against his beloved general was much more powerful and extensive than he had thought; and this, combined with the disaffection of the soldiers who were on the point of deserting, and were passing to and fro between Philadelphia and Valley

Forge fomenting trouble, had prompted the constitutional representatives from Pennsylvania and Massachusetts to introduce in Congress resolutions of censure against the Commander-in-chief.

Of course, he found that the tories of Philadelphia were not at all slow in taking advantage of these conditions to cause great disorder, and retard the progress of American arms.

Oppressed with this crushing information, he was walking toward the home of Kate Somers, determined, in spite of her aunt's opposition, to have a. few words with her, when he was attracted by the brilliant scene just described.

Out of curiosity he stopped before the window of the guest-room.

He looked with yearning eyes upon the happy company, then partaking of the refreshments served them.

Turning away he was about to pass on, when his attention was attracted by a gay voice exclaiming in excited pleasure.

"Colonel March flatters me!""No, indeed,"was the earnest response.

"Miss Somers should

VALLEY FORGE.

know that there is no one more sincere than a British officer."

Ned Courtney's face turned deathly pale.

Approaching the window and gazing earnestly into the room, he viewed the scene of mirth.

There sat his sweetheart, who but two short years before had tearfully plighted her faith to him, surrounded and adulated by his avowed enemies.

There sat her aunt, the tory of tories, gazing in a complacent way upon her niece.

Just then Colonel March lifted Miss Somers'hand to his lips, while she looked down, blushing demurely and seeming not a whit displeased.

Her lover reeled and almost fell to the ground.

Leaning against the wall, his eyes still riveted upon the scene, he drank in every word, and photographed on his memory every detail of the picture.

Then with a sigh that seemed almost to rend his heart, he staggered down the street, mounted his horse, and returned to Valley Forge, He had seen and heard enough to unnerve a much less impulsive man than he.

He could not trust himself to make immediate report to General

Washington.

He must first go to his barracks and relieve his overburdened heart.

He thought he should have wept, but the fount of sorrow was dry.

Sitting at the table he wrote the following note:

11 Miss Somers:

"On authority which I cannot call into question, you have been proven guilty of two offences, neither of which I can be expected to pardon.

In the first place, while your brother and your lover are almost perishing in their country's cause, you have given countenance to its enemies by partaking of their hospitality.

Of less general seriousness than this, but

Oh, so much nearer and cruel to me, you have been pleased to receive the unmistakable attentions of one of the enemy's officers.

What retribution should come upon you for the first 4b and more serious offence, I shall not presume to say.

I leave that with you and your conscience. The second and minor offence is of immediate concern to me; for it has proven that your devotion to me, as well as your loyalty to your country, has ceased.

Your heart is again united—the cause of freedom has lost its half, but it will prosper, nevertheless.

I have lost mine, and hence care no more for individual life, except as I may use it or lose it for my country.

I return herewith your favor and tokens. God forgive and bless you.

May the attentions of another more than compensate the loss of mine.

"(Signed) "Lieutenant Edward Cottrtney.

,J Having despatched this letter to his sweetheart, together with all her gifts and tokens, he could no longer stop the flow of tears.

His grief partly assuaged, he removed all traces of it and repaired to Washington's headquarters, where he was cordially greeted.

The expression on the young officer's face was enough to confirm the noble general's worst fears; but when he heard the recital of what Lieutenant Courtney bad witnessed in Philadelphia, he realized fully the contrast between the condition of his own troops and that of the British forces, and it was no longer a matter of wonder to him that some of the soldiers were contemplating desertion.

Not less poignant was his grief at the machinations of his supposed friends against him.

As the young man rose to depart,

Washington saw that he had not fully relieved his feelings.

In answer to the general's urgent request, Lieutenant Courtney told of the treachery of his sweetheart and his own subsequent action.

The whole generous and sympathetic soul oi Washington was drawn out by the story, and he condoled with the young man on the loss of his sweetheart;

while Lieutenant Courtney expressed his grief that his

VALLEY FORGE.

country had lost the allegiance of one of its daughters.

The interview ended, the lieutenant returned to his room.

Washington felt that he was struggling against fates which must overwhelm him.

In his deep sympathy for the sufferings of his soldiers, he forgot his own sorrows and wrongs.

He arose and donned his hat and top-coat.

Passing out of the door, he proceeded to the woods near the house.

His expression of supreme despair and grief attracted the attention of Mr.

Potts, who followed him.

The general disappeared within the wood, and as Mr.

Potts anxiously approached, he beheld a sight which caused him to stop and bow his head in reverence.

Kneeling in the snow by a tree, his head bare and his eyes lifted to heaven, while tears coursed down his cheeks, General Washington was offering up a fervent, agonized prayer.

Returning to his house, Mr.

Potts related the affecting occurrence to his wife, and added fervently, "If there is any man to whom the Lord will listen, it is General Washington; and under such a leader our independence is certain."CHAPTER III.

The letter which Ned Courtney had written to Kate Somers was sent to her that day in the hands of a trusty orderly, who was sworn to tell no one of the work he had been detailed to do.

Utterly unconscious of the heavy burden of grief he bore, the man rode merrily on, occasionally giving vent to scraps of song about his New England home and the wile and children awaiting his return from the war.

Aniving at the outskirts of the city, he became more cautious and threaded the least frequented streets to the home of Mrs. Howard.

Placing his packages in the hand of the footman, with definite instructions that he should show them to no one but the person addressed, he remounted his horse and set off for camp.

Miss Somers was sitting at her table, reading a letter from Colonel March when the footman brought her the packages.

Wonderingly she opened the bulky bundles, and saw the tokens she had sent her lover to cheer him in his work.

She hastily tore open the envelope accompanying them.

As her eye fell upon the first line of the letter, she threw her hand to her forehead and fell into her chair.

She read the letter once, twice, thrice, before she could comprehend its full meaning.

She seemed dazed with grief, and there was an expression of blank amazement on her face.

Then rousing herself from her stupor, she came to a lull realization of the meaning of his words.

He had accused her of disloyalty to her country and faithlessness to him.

She thought only of his accusation, without stopping to consider the grounds on which it was based.

She threw herself on the sofa.

"Why did I even appear untrue to him?"she wailed.

"My heart told me when I gave way to my aunt's pleadings, that something would come of my attendance at the ball.

But the one who told him of the occurrence did not understand the facts.

Why did he not write to me before taking this step?

But I deserve it all!

I am unworthy the love of such a man.

I was cruel to him, and he has justly been cruel to me.

Ned, Ned, if I could only see you and explain! God bless you, my darling;

jou have suffered much, and unhappy I, instead of relieving your pain, have added to it."As each thought came to her, a flood of tears rushed to her eyes, like the rain-drops after the lightningflash.

But when her grief had expended itself, it was succeeded by indignation, and she accused her absent lover, of undue haste in his action, and of a lack of confidence in her.

As she paced hurriedly back and forth, her cheeks burning with anger and her eyes flashing, she heard a

VALLEY FORGE.

step betore her door.

Hastily gathering up her lover's tokens, which she had scattered in wild confusion, she thrust them into the drawer of her table as her aunt entered the room.

"My child, what is the matter?"she cried.

"Nothing!"snapped Kate, her angry flush heightening.

"But Kate, something has crossed you.

You look indignant.

You have been weeping.

Your room is in confusion.

Tell me what has happened.""I say it is nothing!"said the girl, She tried to control herself, but it was vain.

Bursting again into tears, she threw herself into her aunt's arms and sobbed, "O, Auntie, my heart will break, my heart will break Mrs.

Howard was thoroughly alarmed.

Leading her niece to the sofa and seating herself beside her, she said, "Confide in me, my poor child.

May I not help you?""O Auntie,"cried Kate, "I have been unkind, cruel, wicked, and my punishment has come all too soon.

Why did I go to the ball?

I knew evil would come of it.

"What evil, child?"asked her aunt.

"No evil can come to one through an innocent act, unless the evil itself be unjust.

You were innocent of wrong-doing;

why should you be punished?"Mrs. Howard attempted to assuage her grief, and was soon rewarded by hearing of the evening's occurrence.

Kate handed her the letter.

Mrs.

Howard read it carefully, and then threw it from her.

''Bah! humbug she angrily exclaimed.

"He pretends to an anxiety to the patriot cause, as he chooses to put it, but his entire care is on his own account.

He sees now that he has not such a hold on you as formerly, and he tries to strengthen it by this rant about his country.

He calls your first offence the greater of the two, while he knows that the second is the only one which concerns him.

As for the suffering of himself and your brother in the rebel cause, they know full well how to avoid it.

Let them do as hundreds of others have done, repent of rebellion and submit to proper authority, the authority of our king, and they will be received with open arms.

My girl, you can now understand how ungentlemanly and unkind this rebellion makes a man.

Dismiss him.

Write him a letter as short and pertinent as his.

Return his tokens as he has returned yours.

You need not lack admirers among men far more noble and gallant than he.

Why should you hesitate?'"Auntie, I cannot.

He has been so true and kind to me.

And my brother Tom—'"He has been kind to you!

Yes;

but it is past, and he is kind no longer.

As for your brother Tom, until his treasonable course is stopped, his judgment will be no better than Lieutenant Courtney's."She caught sight ot Colonel March's letter, and reading it, found it filled with gallant expressions and terms ofendearment,

In expressive pantomime she showed both letters to her niece.

"Come, Kate, show a proper spirit.

Throw him over and pin your faith to a man whose nobility has not been compromised.""His nobility has not been compromised!"said the indignant girl.

"If you wish to convert me to toryism, you must use better arguments than those.

My brother and Lieutenant Courtney are not rebels but patriots.

I am not worthy of the love or the respect of either, but if you misjudge and falsely accuse them, you are not worthy of mine!""Kate!"said Mrs. Howard in astonishment, "do you know to whom you speak?""Yes, I do.

I am speaking to a tory, one who has proved recreant to the cause ol freedom, and would drag others down with her.

Leave me, I desire to be alone.

At the look of pain on her aunt's

2 20 VALLEY FORGE.

face, Kate, who was tender-hearted in the extreme, recalled her hasty words, and sought and obtained forgiveness.

Her aunt then left the room.

As she passed out, she spoke to the servant:

"James, allow no letter to go from Kate to Ned Courtney without first bringing it to me."She then retired to her own apartment, and wrote the following note:

"Mr. Edzvatd Courtney.

"In reply to your note of this date, which my niece is too ill and indignant to answer, I accept for her the return of her tokens, and agree to your terms of releasing her from her engagement to you.

Your tokens to her will be returned at the earliest possible moment.

It may be of interest to hear that my niece will soon wed Colonel March of the British army.

''Signed, Mrs. Howard."This letter, drawing greatly on the future, of which she had much hope, was sealed, and late though it was, Mrs. Howard ordered her carriage and was driven in haste to Colonel March's headquarters.

While these events were taking place, Colonel March was in consultation with several of his officers, and with one who bore the blue blouse of the patriot army.

The last named individual seemed the most important personage in the assembly, as he was plied with anxious questions, to all of which he returned apparently satisfactory answers.

"Yes,"he said, "the cause of Washington and his fanatical troops is at its last gasp;

hungry, ragged, barefoot, the soldiers are deserting by hundreds, Washington himself is growing so unpopular that no surprise would be created if he were superseded by General Gates, who is not nearly so good an officer.

If this happens, you will have a clear way to final victory.

At this moment several men in civilian dress came into the room and were warmly greeted by Colonel

March.

"Gentlemen,"said he, "you are welcome.

Are the plans perfected?'"They are,"was the reply. "We see no cause for failure.

If we can kidnap General Washington and spread the report that he has deserted the hopeless cause, the rebellion will be completely crushed."

Mrs.

Howard entered the room.

Drawing Colonel March aside, she related to him the recent events, at which he seemed highly pleased.

"Do you desire to win my niece?"she bluntly asked at the conclusion of her story.

"I would leave nothing undone to accomplish that end,"answered the colonel.

"Then my plan is to capture this Lieutenant Courtney, and force him to renounce his allegiance to the rebel cause.

His declaration in writing, he can be taken back with it to his superior officers, where he will meet the fate of a deserter, and our skirts will be free of his blood.

If he will not give us this renunciation, he can be treated as a traitor here.

Colonel March smiled with grim satisfaction at the unscrupulous design.

"Excellent!"he said. "Your wish shall be carried out.

He must be captured tomorrow night."She handed him the letter she had written to the patriot.

"Let this be taken to him tonight,"she said.

"It will render him easier ot seizure."She then took her departure.

Colonel March dismissed the civilians.

Then gathering about him his officers, and the traitor to the American cause, he gave them his final instructions.

"You all know Lieutenant Courtney?"

They answered in the affirmative.

"Then, he is the one to be captured.

It is an insane plan to try to seize Washington.

Yet, to gain the assistance of these blind tools, and to mask our own attempt upon Courtney, we shall

VALLEY FORGE.

make the ostensible object of our sortie the capture of the archrebel.

"Turner, take this letter and drop it at the door of Lieutenant

Courtney's room.

Then acquaint us with the position of the various pickets.

Our plan depends much upon you.

Meet my company three miles this side of the rebel camp at nine tomorrow night.

My men, whatever you do, bring Courtney here alive.

Wound him if necessary, but do not kill him.

You understand your orders?'Upon their assurance of complete understanding, he dismissed them.

CHAPTER IV.

At the outpost of the camp at Valley

Forge, the sentinel was on vigilant duty. Tom Somers had been chosen for that responsible position, not because it was his regular night, but on account of a vague rumor of impending danger, to meet which he seemed the most capable man.

The night was bitter cold.

The snow and sleet fell in a mingled mass, accompanied by a raging wind.

The snow was frozen as it fell, and the top of the layer was deeply encrusted.

The soldier was uniformed as raggedly and lightly as when we first formed his acquaintance, and his shoes were even more dilapidated.

His feet, half bare, broke through the crust, and as he paced his beat, the frozen snow cruelly lacerated them.

His steps were marked by blood stains.

Yet he resolutely continued his walk, though his grimly set features betrayed his terrible suffering.

About nine o'clock, Lieutenant Courtney approached him.

"Tom,"said he, "I bring you bad news.

Your sister has betrayed our cause.""You lie!"shouted Tom, lowering his musket.

"Be calm,"said Courtney in a soothing voice.

"It is too true.

I have unmistakable proof."He related the circumstances which led him to this conclusion.

"Curse her!"cried the impulsive Tom.

"No, my boy, don't curse her.

The sorrow she has brought us is enough, without bestowing unnecessary curses on her.

Let her reap what pleasure she can now, for the day of retribution will come soon enough. ""Ned,"said the brave fellow, "(I know Lieutenant Courtney will forgive the familiar title) I am afraid of myself tonight.

I startle like a timid girl at every noise I hear.""If you feel so, Tom, it may be well for you to be relieved.

"Why, Ned; would you talk so to a soldier?

No, my insane fear will increase my vigilance.

But keep your eyes and ears open, for I may need help.""All right, Tom,"said Lieutenant

Courtney, as he walked toward his quarters.

There he sat in his cold room, filled with thoughts of despondency at the double grief he was called on to endure. Thus two hours passed.

At eleven o'clock, the report of a gun rang out in the direction of Tom Somers'post.

Courtney drew his sword and rushed toward the place.

He could hear angry cries and a lively exchange of shots.

At length he heard the voice of Somers shouting, "Warn General

Washington they want to capture him!"The cry was followed by a shot and a groan.

Four men rushed towards the headquarters of Washington.

Courtney recognized one of these as an American picket guard.

The others were British officers.

Placing himself squarely in the path of the three, he commanded them to halt.

One of them turned a search-light directly in his face.

"It is Lieutenant Courtney!"he said. They attacked him.

Singlehanded he kept them back until ample time was given for the General to prepare for self-defense.

Courtney's skillful swordsmanship astonished his opponents.

At length,

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

however, he was wounded, and the three seized and bound him.

As he was borne toward the lines, a prostrate form met his gaze.

While two of the Englishmen secured and brought their horses, the other led Courtney to the form lying on the snow.

It was Tom Somers.

His friend knelt by his side.

"Tom, are you badly hurt?""To the death,"he whispered.

"Good bye.

Tell Kate—"The sentence was not completed.

With a gasp the patriot died.

"Tell Kate!"cried the wounded man.

"There will be so much to tell Kate of this night's deeds.

Yes, old friend, I will tell Kate.

Pray God her heart is not so hardened by her treason that she will not be able to understand me!"By this time the horses were ready, and the three mounted them.

At the first alarm the available force had been concentrated at Washington's headquarters to ward off the expected attack, and therefore the pursuit of Lieutenant Courtney's captors had been delayed.

With their prisoner seated in one of the saddles, his custodian riding behind him, the British officers rode rapidly toward Philadelphia, and the determined pursuit was vain.

Before daybreak the city was reached.

Lieutenant Courtney was taken to the headquarters of Colonel March.

That gentleman met his officers and congratulated them on their success.

"And this is Lieutenant Courtney?"he asked with assumed politeness.

The patriot bowed.

"I am Colonel March,"said the British officer.

"You may have heard of me.

"I have,"answered the prisoner.

"From Miss Somers?"he asked in an insinuating tone.

"No!"exclaimed Courtney.

Colonel March laughed.

"I see the connection of our names angers you.""Not at all,"was the sarcastic reply.

"It would have done at one time, but I have not so much regard for her feelings now.""What!

Do you mean "I mean what I say,"said Courtney.

"I hope you understand me."Colonel March mastered his anger and left the room, giving orders that no one should see Lieutenant Courtney without written permission, and that no communication should reach him until it had passed a strict scrutiny.

The patriot was given surgical attention, and his wound was found to be light, though he suffered considerable pain from it.

X (To be concluded.) BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

CHAPTER VIII.

Music in a Leper's Home—The Eider Duck The School System.

On the igth of September we had a foretaste of the coming winter. On that date we landed on a small island lying well out in the Arctic Ocean, and that evening a storm covered the ground with snow.

It did not lay long, however.

Here the fishermen were busy.

A large shoal of herring was close inland, and they were being surrounded by the fishers'nets, and large glistening piles lay on the shore. Of course, no one had time to look at religious tracts as long as there was a fish to catch.

The narrow strip of low land close by the sea was well peopled, and the houses extended in a circle around the island, broken only here and there by the steep walls of the mountain making sheer descents into the sea.

Around some of these place we had to be ferried.

The peopl

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

as usual, were kind, and furnished us with food and lodging, but it seemed impossible to reach them with the Gospel.

One gentleman told us that he always prayed that God would keep him within the bounds of the Lutheran Church, and as the promise is, "Ask and ye shall receive,"he, without doubt, is there yet.

At the village of Grottaevar we secured a room and held two meetings, which were well attended.

At one ot the places where we were invited to call, we espied an organ, besides other signs of taste for the beautiful.

The family received us very kindly, but the husband acted strangely.

He did not eat at the table where we sat with the family, but partook of his food in the kitchen.

Though he was so shy, we could not perceive that it was through any ill feeling towards us.

"And who plays the organ?"we enquired.

"My daughter,"answered the mother.

"She has not taken many lessons, but she does very well, we consider.

"And she'll play for us, will she not?'"O, yes;

Julia, the gentlemen wish to hear you play."A small, slender girl came forward.

She had a fair complexion with flaxen hair, a small, oval face and clear blue eyes.

As she turned the organ stool up to her height, she pleasantly told us she would try, but we must not laugh at her mistakes;

to which we gallantly responded that we were not musicians enough to detect them.

She played hymns and ballads, and some slow sacred pieces.

No such thing as dance music could be tolerated in a religious household, so she had no such pieces.

She did well.

We were taken quite back home with the music, and soon we were all singing "Nearer My God to

Thee;""In the Sweet By and By;""I Will Sing of My Redeemer,"etc.

Not until it. was late, and we were all hoarse, did the gathering break up.

Mr. N sat in the corner all the time, and when we departed he would not shake hands.

What was the matter?

We visited them some time afterwards and then we learned that our friend was suffering from the most loathsome of diseases.

He was a leper!

Mr. N 's disease was yet in its first stages.

There were swellings and small sores on his face and hands, but he mingled freely with his family and friends.

The mild form of leprosy found along the north coast is considered not to be contagious, and it does not assume any such proportions as in the hot countries of the East.

We asked the cause of this disease and were told that it sometimes comes on through extreme exposure to cold, as in the case of Mr. N.

The fish diet of the people also aids this disease, it is said.

But we never forgot the sweet music we had at the home of a leper.

At this village we saw the much prized eider duck.

Wo, be to any one who harms these birds;

as they are protected by law, and the people guard them carefully, they being the source of considerable revenue to them.

The birds are very tame, especially in the winter when they are enticed on land and fed with the refuse of fish.

This feeding is to make it desirable for them to come back in summer.

In March and April preparations are made for the ducks'reception.

Sea-weeds are raked upon the shore and scattered among the rocks.

Shelters are constructed of boards, old boats, etc.

, and it looks as though grown-up people had become children again and were making playhouses all over the islands.

In May the birds mate, and look up a good place to make a nest.

This is often found under barns and boat houses, but especially where some preparations have been made

BEYOND THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

for them.

In the evening the ducks go, two by two on land, very cautiously, and begin to spy out a home.

They peep first in this corner and then try that nest of weeds.

But Mistress Duck is often hard to please, and no doubt Mr. Duck's patience is often tried.

About three o'clock in the morning all take to the water again, if they have not been disturbed before, as the least stir at this time will send the whole flock away.

Nests having been made and lined with down from the ducks'breasts, from six to nine eggs are laid, all but three of which are usually taken.

Mistress Duck then begins a long siege.

But what does Mr.

Duck do?

Why, he and all his companions, shake off the care and responsibility of family raising and they desert in a body.

Out they go to the open sea, where they revel in single blessedness as though they had no loving wives at home, carrying bravely the load of two.

The runaways do not come back until late in the fall.

As soon as the eggs are hatched and the young ducks are in the water, the nests are cleaned of their down, which is dried in the sun, and separated from the sticks, weeds and its other impurities.

The down is worth at the islands, about $5.50 per pound.

Five or six nests furnish this amount.

Eider-down is the lightest and warmest of down.

In the north every family has some of these down beds.

As two and three pounds make a bed, their weight is hardly noticeable.

In the coldest weather a person will keep warm under one of these inflated coverlets.

It must be remembered that a person in the north must get under the down bed, and not on top.

From Grotteavar we sailed in a small boat around a number of rocky points and over some fjords to

Kastfjorden.

A young fisher lad was captain, and the little musician, Julia, sat at the helm.

She could also handle the oars like a sailor.

Julia was going to Tromso to school, she said, as she wished to get an education, and teach school.

And now a word about the school system of Nordland.

Attendance is compulsory, and the law is generally enforced.

In a school of thirty children there must be two classes, each attending every other day.

Where there are sixty pupils there are three classes, each class attending two days in the week.

All lessons are prepared at home; at school they are simply recited.

Thus a graded system is carried out, and the results are good.

Schoolhouses are neat, commodious structures, and the teachers, as a rule, are qualified.

At Tromso there is a high school, and a seminary, where students can prepare for teaching or for entering the university at Christiania.

Quite a number of young men learn the Lapp language and secure schools further north, among the Laplanders.

Half a century ago there must have been some peculiar schools in these parts, as well as in some others not so far away.

I will translate an account of one, for the benefit of those who will be interested in such an old-time picture.

N.

B.—I do not vouch for the truth of all statements contained in the next chapter.

I translate verbatim.

CHAPTER IX.

The Schoolmaster's Trial?.

Fifty years ago.

The 'district had a single schoolmaster, an old soldier from the south.

This worthy man never got tired of relating incidents of the wars he had been in, and even those who depreciated his services as a schoolteacher, listened with reverence to his stories of battles fought in defense of their common country.

He had a deep scar on his left cheek and one arm was stiff, but these were simply honor marks.

As a school master his prestige was small.

People acknowledged

BEYOND THE ARCTIC

CIRCLE.

that he was a very learned man but he could not govern the children.

But as long as he could teach them good manners and the word of God, why, book learning would have to come as it could.

"All who go to school don't become priests, 'even if the master knows the Bible off by heart.

"Let the children grow up respectable and in the fear of God, said the good people.

School was held a week at a time at each gaard, or cluster of houses.

The master's salary was twelve dollars a year.

Monday morning, the school master made his appearance at ihegaard where school was to be held that week.

He had on his back a knapsack, in which he carried a song book, a catechism a few other books and some twine for making fishing nets.

The room selected for the school purposes, some fisherman's largest rooms had been washed the Saturday before and walls and floor showed the effects of white sand scouring.

The largest tables were set in the center of the room, and long benches were arranged on each side.

The school master sat in the seat of honor at the end.

The old warrior had become a peace-promoter in the community.

The children came and takkede for sidst.

They were very polite and orderly.

As many as possible took places around the tables; the rest, the majority, sat around the room, and even in the kitchen and hallway.

Outside the door stood forty or fifty children's wooden shoes.

All came in in their stocking feet.

(O, blessed system!) As a beginning, a few stanzas of a hymn were sung, and then the master read the morning prayer from his prayer book.

The lessons from the catechism came next.

Each pupil read his lesson as best suited the capacity of his lungs, and there was a noise as of breakers on the shore.

One after the other each pupil was called up to the master to recite.

The house's folks came and went.

The women sat in the corners and spun.

The men made fishing nets and whittled wooden shoes.

Everybody talked out loud when they had anything to say.

The neighbors came on errands.

Generally, the children held themselves in check the first day, especially if the master of the house was strict;

but was there discovered the least forbearance on his part, mischief began to brew and creep out like peas out of a hole in the sack.

In the afternoon when it got dark, it became worse.

Coal-oil lamps were unknown, and two or three of fish-oil furnished the light.

In the height of the racket the master would rap on the table with his ruler and command order.

The noise would subside a few minutes, only to rise again like a coming storm.

A certain autumn day.

The morning exercises had been completed and the school machinery went as if it had been well oiled.

But this smooth running was not to last.

A stout servant girl came in with a pan of flour, and clumsily tripping over a hoe-handle, threw the flour into the laps of two large school girls.

In an instant the whole flock was in uproar.

Peal after peal of laughter greeted the confused servant and girls who had to try to get it back into the pan without spilling too much.

The master rapped and commanded, but it took some time before order was restored and the machinery went as usual.

But it wasn't long before another outburst came worse than the first.

A little observant fellow sitting opposite the master noticed that he had buttoned his vest awry.

This simple fact was whispered to his neighbor and thus along the line it went, until in a short time the whole school had the news, and laughed.

As they were laughing at the master this time they had to try to smother it.

The master was wild.

He did not

/,'/•. VOX/) THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.

know the cause, this time, but he had an idea that he was the object of their merriment.

There was investigation and flogging until at last one little girl stuttered:

"The school master has—has buttoned his vest—"then she burst out crying.

The master looked down, quietly rebuttoned his vest and in a few minutes all was as usual.

There was, at this time, in the village, a Swedish tailor by the name of Abraham Kjell.

He traveled from gaard to gaard to do his work.

He was quite an important personage, as a tailor who made clothes to fit, should be.

It was eleven o'clock, and the master had ordered a stop in the studying.

He would tell them a little ancient historv.

Attention was secured in a minute, while the grayhaired master told them the story of the Patriarch Abraham.

He told it well—he had read the Bible through seven times—and everybody listened, even the spinning wheels stopped.

All but one boy, by the name of Soren.

Soren sat in a half wakeful state and was watching a bug crawl across the ceiling.

But his thoughts were not even on the bug.

He thought a little of his own lunch, then of that of his schoolmates, and how he should get one of those warm pancakes the housewife was baking.

It had flashed through his mind how strange it was that the master could read so well without looking on the book.

He wondered how it was that all were so quiet.

He had thought of a hundred and one things, but not once of "the patriarch.

The master questioned the school.

"Soren, can you tell me anything about Abraham?"Soren suddenly awoke.

"Abraham, Abraham—O, yes, it was he who made a pair of breeches for Per

Larsa.

The master had to join in the merriment which followed.

It was now noon, and a recess was taken.

In the afternoon the lessons were resumed as usual.

About three- o'clock the lesson on geography was recited, which consisted in the master telling all he knew about Spain.

Then a little fellow of ten was asked "What would you say, Andrew, if you went to Spain, and some one would ask you where you came from?""From Bugt Island,"said the boy, at which everybody laughed again.

Andrew didn't care for the boys'fun, but did not like the master to laugh at him.

So he swore vengeance at some future day.

Meanwhile some of the larger boys were making love to the girls.

One young fellow was scheming to get even with a girl who had slighted him.

He had procured some shoemaker's wax and a piece of birch bark which he placed on the seat where the girl sat.

When the object of his wrath was called up to recite, the bark stuck fast, and she marched up to the master, the school roaring in their glee.

The girl turned red, and grasping the birch bark hurled it at the guilty youth.

There was confusion again, and the result was that the girl gathered her books, and declared that, if she could not get the word of God, without being made a laughing-stock of, why, she was going home, which she did.

The guilty boy was given the severest punishment on the statute.

He was put in the cellar.

Now, the cellar was dark and the boy did not like it.

He soon discovered that the walls of his prison were made of turf.

Pooh, what a prison, he chuckled, and it was not many minutes ere he was out and away for home.

Up in the school-room the hum and rattle went on.

The spinning wheels hummed in the corners, the peat fire burned low in the stove.

The master, having no recitation to hear got out his cord^ and worked on his fishing nets.

SHINING LIGHTS.

The afternoon wore away.

It was getting dark.

The master got up, opened the cellar door and shouted for the boy to come up.

There was no answer.

"You may come up now, Ole."Everything was still.

So a light was made, and on investigation it was found that the bird had flown.

The master was in a quandary.

He hurriedly closed the lessons, read his prayer, and while the children were scrambling into their wooden shoes, he pulled on his big boots.

Ole was not at home, but the master found him out on the Fjord fishing for whiting.

Nephi A?iderson.

SHINING LIGHTS.

HOW THEY ACQUIRED BRIGHTNESS.

DR. JAMES EDWARD TALMAGE.

The biographies of individuals are the history of the communities of which they are members; and it is seldom that a man attains what is called greatness except in connection with some epoch or notable development in the history of the people of whom he is one.

It is in times of war, revolution, or social upheavals that great generals and statesmen appear.

True, it may be urged that, in times of social calmness, when the arts ofpeace are flourishing, financiers, inventors, and scholars become what may be truly called great, by accomplishing some vast financial achievement, or reducing to the service of man some marvelous power of nature, or exploring hitherto unknown seas of knowledge.

But a close view of the conditions of society under which individuals become famous, even in the pursuits of peace, will generally show a ripeness which is of a character to not only afford opportunity for advancement to persons possessing the qualifications for which a demand exists, but to urge them forward.

As no historian ever has been, or ever will be, able to write a history of the people of Utah, which shall be either a reasonable or a consistent account of them, without recognizing a divine purpose and power in the shaping of their destiny from year to year, so no biographer who writes the lives of their leading or typical men will ever be able to do his subject justice, or present them in a true light before mankind, unless he sees in them the instruments which the Almighty has chosen for the accomplishment of certain ends.

It is in connection with a remarkable transition in progress among the people of Utah at the present time, and for some years past, that Dr.

James E.

Talmage has rapidly ascended to a position of signal prominence.

Utah long bore the reputation of an intellectual as well as of a moral and religious Nazareth.

She never deserved it, for her schools always compared favorably with those of any other pioneer community.

It is true, however, that up to a few years since, primitive school houses, apparatus and methods almost exclusively prevailed; but these have been replaced with school facilities of the most modern and efficient character;

and the educational interests of the territory have expanded with a rapidity which almost amounts to suddenness.

In addition to the vast improvement that has been made in the secular schools of the Territory, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints has organized within itself a complete and comprehensive educational system, which is of a most admirable character, and which is now in practical operation in all of the more populous counties of Utah, and has even extended into Idaho, Arizona

SHINING

I.K.IIIS.

and New Mexico.

It has seemed to be the purpose of a controlling power to place the people of this intermountain region in the van of intellectual progress, and to replace with scholastic renown the stigma which formerly attached to them.

Dr. James E.

Talmage is a man who is needed, and who finds both his duty and his opportunity at a time like this; and the praise which is due him may be epitomized by saying that he has done the work and filled the place which destiny called him to perform and occupy. Though not born in Utah, he is, as a scholar, a product ofher schools and through him is being reflected upon these schools the highest honor.

James E.

Talmage, the subject of this sketch, was born at Hungerford, Berkshire,

England, September 21, 1862.

He is the son of James Joyce Talmage, of Ramsbury, Wiltshire, and Susannah Preater of Lambourne, Berkshire.

His paternal ancestors were long residents of Wiltshire, many generations having lived at the family premises at Ramsbury.

They removed to the latter place from Suffolk, and, generations still further back, from Scotland.

The Talmages constitute a branch of the Talmache family which was once a powerful one among the Scottish nobility as Dr. James E. Talmage.

earls ot Dysart.

The direct line still holds a place in the peerage of ( in at Britain.

It is. stated in a Suffolk genealogical record, that the ancient family of Talmache lived in uninterrupted succession in the county of Suffolk for the remarkably long period of fourteen centuries.

The name is said to have been derived from tollemacha—the tolling of a bell.

Tollmache, Lord of Bentley, Suffolk, and Stoke Tollmache, of Oxfordshire, lived in the sixth century, and on the old manor house in Suffolk may be seen the ancient inscription:

'Before the Normans into England came,

Bentley was my seat and Tollmache was my name."The name 'Talmage came into use in the time of Richard II., prior to that "Talmach, "Talmache "''Tollmache'and 'Tollemache"prevail. Since the time named, such variations as "Talmadge"and "Tallmadge"have appeared in different branches of the family.

The immediate ancestors of James E.

Talmage had been generally in easy and even affluent circumstances;

but litigation had entailed such heavy losses of property that the fortunes of the family had been greatly reduced.

In consequence his parents were poor, and his early years were spent in actual poverty.

His paternal grandfather was a practicing

SHINING LIGHTS.

herbal physician, a profession afterward followed by his father.

It thus appears that at least two generations of his nearest progenitors were students of nature in some of her most useful and interesting departments, a fact which is of value as a key to the career of the descendant;

for as the subject of family history, and the associated one of heredity, become better understood, it is more and more strongly proven that family traits, talents and characteristics are handed down from generation to generation.

Until the boy James Edward, reached the age of thirteen years, he resided alternately with his parents in Hungerford, Berkshire, and his grandparents at Ramsbury, Wiltshire, England, attending school a great part of the time.

His early training was received in the national or common schools, at a tuition of a penny (two cents) a week.

During the last year of his residence in the old country, in addition to the common school work, he took private lessons from his school-master, at what, under the circumstances, was considered a heavy expense, a shilling per week.

"To the great honor ofmy parents, then in their poverty,"said Dr.

Talmage to the writer, ''they often took the last spare shilling from the house to keep me in school.

As I think of their self-sacrifice in my behalf, I recall, with stinging emotions, every little act of negligence in my studies.

In May, 1874, more than four months before he had completed his twelfth year, he was so successful in the national school examination held under the Oxford Diocesan regulations, as to secure a certificate of efficiency exempting him from the compulsory school act.

This act requires parents, under severe penalties, to keep their children in school until fourteen years of age, however much the services of the boys and girls may be needed for the support of the family.

At times the law is seriously burdensome, and the honor of passing beyond its operations was of a local and personal importance.

"Never,"said Dr. Talmage to the writer, ''have I experienced emotions through the acquirement of academic honors, deeper than those that came to me when I received the certificate of a twelve-year-old successful candidate, bearing the imprint of the royal seal.

My father first learned of my success through the local paper, and calling me to himself and mother, he promised to continue his efforts to keep me at school, and my exemption from attendance was never taken advantage of.

His school life was varied by occasional trips to different parts ol England under the guidance of his father or grandfather, and at that receptive age every impression produced by travel was a deep one.

"Why,"said he, "my impressions of the streets of London were so vivid that when seventeen years later

I returned to the great metropolis, I could find my way about in any part previously visited.

The boy's first religious experiences were had in the Church of England and the Methodist church, though to neither of them did his parents formally belong.

His ancestors, however, had been members of the former, and the family for many years owned a pew in the historic old church at Ramsbury.

When Latter-day Saint Elders first visited that place, the boy'grandparents, in common with many of its inhabitants, were profoundly stirred over the new doctrine.

The grandfather attended a meeting held by the Elders, with a firm determination to oppose them but after listening to their testimony he was so impressed with the truth of it, that he took part in their defense during a serious disturbance.

Shortly after this, the old gentleman embraced the

Gospel, much to the horror of his immediate relatives and associates. Some of his professed friends circulated the report that he had gone insane, and

S///\/X(;

1. 1(HITS.

he was kept locked in a dark room for a time.

But this persecution onlymade his determination the stronger, and the Talmage home was always open to the Elders from Utah.

During James'early boyhood, his parents, like his grandparents, received the Gospel, and when he was ten years old he also was baptized.

His father became president of the branch of the Church at Ramsbury, and the boy officiated as a deacon.

The spirit of persecution was manifested to a considerable extent, even among his schoolmates, and he had a very trying experience.

But he, young as he was, remained true to the faith he had embraced.

In 1874, while his parents were contemplating emigration to Utah, his grandfather died, and the sad event delayed the departure.

But in the entire family came to Utah and settled in Provo.

In August of that year, James entered the grammar department of the

Brigham Young Academy, which institution was then just entering upon its first academic year.

Professor Karl G. Maeser had recently removed from Salt Lake City to Provo to take charge of it, and the boy's heart went out to this our pioneer teacher at the first meeting between them.

James completed the course in the grammar department, and in August, 1877, he entered the normal department of the same institution, graduating therefrom in June, 1879, at the head of his class.

Being the only boy in the family old enough to do the work about home, much of that kind of labor devolved upon him, adding greatly to the taxing character of his school life.

This with hard study and a lack of sleep, brought on a severe attack of brain fever, which, for many days, threatened an immediately fatal result.

He took the normal course because it was the best offered by the academy for general training, and not because he had a taste for, or had determined to pursue, the profession of teaching.

In fact he had at first no inherent love of the avocation.

It was the wish of his father that he should follow other pursuits, and his own inclinations would have laid his life work elsewhere than in the schoolroom; but in response to the advice of friends and of officers in the Church who, in his view, had a right to counsel him, he determined to become a teacher, and his father supported his resolve.

At this juncture of his career was brought into exercise a trait that has almost always been possessed by men and women who have attained what may be called success among the Latter-day Saints, a belief in the efficacy of prayer.

He went before the Lord and prayed that if teaching was to be his work, he might have a love for it.

The results of his petition attest the sincerity and faith with which it was offered up.

The love he has come to feel for his great mission as a teacher has grown into a satisfying passion.

In August, 1879, a few weeks after his graduation from the normal course of the Brigham Young Academy, he entered that institution as instructor of intermediate branches.

In accepting this position he displayed another characteristic, indispensable to success from a Gospel standpoint, a willingness to sacrifice his personal and financial interests at the call of duty.

Those were days when the Brigham Young Academy was struggling for a bare existence.

Its disadvantages were great and its poverty was extreme.

It was able to pay no more than nominal salaries to its faculty, and their compensation was largely in trade and barter.

The young teacher might have had employment at a comparatively lucrative salary, paid promptly and regularly in cash, by consenting to enter the district schools.

But by the eye of faith he saw the future of the academy, and by a sense of duty he was restrained from leaving his post

SHINING LIGHTS.

in it.

The result was an imperishable association of the name of James

E. Talmage with what later became the foremost educational institution of the great system inaugurated by the Latter-day Saints, and the model followed by all the other schools established by the Church.

It is not too much to say that he was one who aided in giving to it the standing, character and fame it has since acquired, in which great work he has ever considered himself the follower and pupil of the teacher whom he so sincerely reveres—Professor Karl G.

Maeser.

The builders of that school builded better than they knew.

When a retrospective view of their work is taken, and its results already achieved are measured, it becomes a source of astonishment; and when one begins to calculate what will yet grow out of it, as future years succeed each other, the Brigham Young Academy, the man who founded it, and those who nursed it through the days of its precarious infancy, and imparted to it the power it already exerts, become objects of a feeling akin to reverence.

Such work as these men did is not generally appreciated until the doers are very aged or dead;

and while there are many who recognize in part its worth and magnitude, a still longer time must yet elapse before its real extent and character will be fairly understood, even by those most benefitted through it.

At the remarkably early age of seventeen years, in the spring of 1880, James E. Talmage was placed in charge of the academic department of the academy, a position that made him instructor in phonography, physiology, Latin, elementary natural philosophy, chemistry and geology, besides the common school branches.

A great portion of his pupils were older than himself.

In the summers of 1880 and '81, he traveled under appointment from Territorial Superintendent of schools,

John Taylor, as assistant to Karl G.

Maeser, on extended trips through various portions of Utah, and into Idaho and Arizona, in the interest of the district schools.

These two laborers in this worthy cause held public meetings, and gave encouragement and advice to school trustees and teachers, and in different ways aided the cause of education.

Eager to advance still farther in science, the young teacher spent a portion of the summer of 1880 in the study of chemistry, Professor Thos.

Hadley, of Ogden, being his instructor.

He says:

"To him jointly with the venerable Prof.

Joseph L.

Barfoot, do I owe the awakening of my love for nature studies, as to Brother Maeser am I mostly indebted for my love of school work generally."It is to be understood that, during the period from August, 1879, when he first became a teacher in the Brigham Young Academy, to and including the year 1882, his only source of income was the meagre and precarious compensation which the institution was able to give him.

But by severe economy he managed to create a fund which enabled him to commence his studies in the east, and in August, 1882, he entered the Lehigh University at South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, as a special student in physical and chemical science and geology.

In making this move he acted in pursuance of the advice of the officers of the Brigham Young

Academy and of the Church.

He remained at Lehigh University the entire collegiate year;

"a year,"he declares, "of 'perfect enjoyment in hard work."What mattered it that his limited means compelled him to go without the chief daily meal, and that he was unable to boast of a good extra suit of clothes?

Beyond doubt his progress was accelerated by the deprivations he endured, for the law of sacrifice is the law of advancement.

A young man who will practice such self-denial in order that he may

SH1NINC, LIGHTS study, will, other things being equal, advance far more rapidly than another whose wants are abundantly supplied.

The facilities of lectures, library and laboratory which he enjoyed were excellent.

Finding that he could not complete all the laboratory work planned, within the usual hours, he applied to the night watchman of the university to be engaged as his assistant without pay, and was "taken on"informally in this position.

This gave him an opportunity to work in the laboratory beyond ordinary hours.

In the lower branches, including most of the work of the freshman, sophomore, and junior years, he passed examinations at convenient occasions, out of the regular class courses, and devoted his time to the laboratory labor and the class work of the senior year.

His diligence was so great and his efforts so successful that at the close of the year nearly all the work of the four years'course had been credited to him.

Although he had enrolled as a special student, and was in no way a candidate for diplomas or degrees, there was very little outside of the technical requirements of longer residence and a few minor branches, to hinder his taking the baccalaureate degree. The inducements to remain and take at the end of the second year, the high academic honors to which he would be entitled, were great;

but he had witnessed so many instances of men becoming prejudiced even bigoted, in favor oftheir own particular alma mater, to the decrying of other institutions, that he determined to leave Lehigh University, and study elsewhere for a time.

As a further reason for the change he says:

"I remembered the earnest advice and sage counsel given me by

President John Taylor, as I was about to start for the east.

'Remember what you go for,'said he, 'and when you have obtained what you seek, do not tarry.

Let not the desire to gain renown, or to secure titles and credentials of honor, hinder you;

for if you will make the acquirement of knowledge your chief aim, you will find that academic honors will come to you abundantly and unexpectedly.'"

This was a prophetic utterance destined to have an extraordinary fulfillment, as will appear.

At a later date the Lehigh University conferred upon him the baccalaureate degree.

Taking leave of Lehigh University was an affecting experience.

"I reckoned none but friends amongst students and teachers,"says Doctor

Talmage.

All knew he was a Mormon, but his quiet, unobtrusive demeanor, in respect to religious matters especially, won for him and his Church respect.

He made it a rule to force his views on none.

If interrogated he was ever ready to converse on the principles of his faith, but he was never the aggressor.

His course had a marked effect in securing the good will of his associates in college.

There were other inducements to stay in Lehigh another year.

He was offered an opportunity to earn some means while continuing his studies.

The work required was in the line of his profession, and as his carefully husbanded funds had become entirely exhausted by the close of the first year, the privilege of earning something was a great temptation.

But with the laudable desire to make the most of his time in the east, and being deeply impressed with the sense of advantage resulting from a wider experience, he left Lehigh in September, 1883, exactly a year from the time he entered, and became a student in the John Hopkins university, at Baltimore, Md.

Part of the summer of 1883 was spent in New York and Philadelphia, visiting institutions of note and studying;

also in making numerous trips to the coal fields and other mines of Pennsylvania.

Passing the required tests, he was admitted to the famous Baltimorean

SHINING LIGHTS

university as a special student in chemistry, and biology. He rapidly passed from one laboratory to another, in ascending order, until he was admitted to the fellows'laboratory, under the immediate direction and constant personal attention of Professor Ira Remsen, a chemist of great note.

Work here was very full, and the time sped all too rapidly.

Besides the actual work of his course, our diligent and indefatigable student took special work in dissecting rooms and laboratories of medical colleges, and attended courses of outside lectures.

While at John Hopkins University, in March, 1884, he attended a lecture by Henry Ward Beecher, in which that eminent speaker discussed Utah conditions as a feature of his general subject, "A Tour of the Continent."

He paid a high tribute to Mormon thrift and industry, which had redeemed Utah from its once desert state; but he set forth as facts certain misrepresentations with which his mind had been abused by unscrupulous persons during his brief stay in Utah.

Brother Talmage at once addressed an open letter to Mr.

Beecher, acknowledging his praises of the Mormon people, but correcting the erroneous statements he had made, among which were the following:

That the secular government of the Territory was entirelv in the. hands of the Mormon Church;

that the property was all owned by the Church;

that the government of Utah was a despotism that hatred and revenge towards the oppressors of the people were inculcated in the schools.

This letter was published in the daily press ot Baltimore, and called forth much comment from University men and others, mostly favorable to the Utah student.

At the close of the academic year,

Brother Talmage was called home to resume his work at the Brigham Young Academy.

He would gladly have embraced the privilege of continuing his studies in the east, for his prospects of further successes were brilliant;

but he felt it his duty to respond promptly to the call to return home.

The academy had just suffered the destruction of its building by fire, and its fortunes were, in consequence, greatly reduced.

Brother Talmage arrived in the summer of 1884, and the critical and anxious observations of his friends convinced them that he had shown himself an exception to the rule that had so widely prevailed among Utah youths who had become imbued with the love of eastern study,—he still maintained his faith, and his integrity to the Church of which he was a member.

Indeed his school experiences abroad had strengthened his faith in, and increased his appreciation of the beauties of the Gospel.

"I saw,"he declared in a public address delivered at Provo soon after his return, "so many and such woeful effects of the popular, one-sided education—the training of the mind to the ignoring of the spirit—that I trembled at the dangers about me, and felt to cling to my testimony of the truth and my faith in the Gospel of Christ, as one beating his way in the midst of breakers would cling to the life-saving rope.".

In the fall of 1884 he was again laboring in the Brigham Young Academy, now as professor of chemistry, physics, and geology.

The distressed financial condition of the institution resulting from the calamity of fire, made it necessary to reduce the salaries of the academy teachers, and he worked for a stipend which was so far short of what he had been given good reason to expect, as to make extremely difficult the repayment of debts he had incurred during his eastern sojourn.

Some of the means he had borrowed had been furnished by friends, without interest, but part of his indebtedness drew interest.

While laboring as a teacher in the academy, most of his spare time was taken up in Church work.

In the fall of 1884 he was

2M shining l k;ii 7 -S.

ordained a High Priest and made an alternate High Couneillor in the Utah

Stake, and was also made a home missionary.

He performed the duties of these callings as long as he continued to reside in Provo.

He delivered many public lectures in various parts of the Stake, and ever held himself in readiness to respond to such a call, if not entirely inconsistent with his daily duties, and provided admission was to be free.

Often after the completion of his day's labors in the academy he would ride twenty miles or more to fill an appointment to lecture, returning home the same night.

In 1886 he was made one of the directors of the Brigham Young Academy, and in February, 1888, he was elected a member of the city council of Provo, a position he consented to fill only after strong urging from friends.

Later he was made an alderman and justice of the peace, and had the, to him, new and not altogether agreeable experience of court work.

In February, 1888, he met with an accident which threatened the destruction of his sight.

By an inexplicable explosion, the molten contents of an assay crucible were thrown into his face, cutting and bruising the lids and ball of one eye.

Though prompt and efficient aid, surgical and medical, was rendered, there seemed little hope of his recovery with unimpaired vision.

Through wise and judicious care, and particularly by the administrations of the Priesthood, he was completely healed, and now his sight is perfect.

On June 14th, 1888, he was married to Miss May

Booth, of Alpine, Utah, a former student in his classes at the academy.

She is a quiet and sincere woman, a gem of integrity, and of a disposition to aid him in all his work.

A most happy home was the result.

Three beautiful children, two sons and a daughter, gladden it.

Professor Talmage remained a prominent member of the faculty of the Brigham Young Academy, most of the time as First Counselor to the

Principal, Professor Maeser, until July, 1888, when the latter was made

General Superintendent of the Church schools, requiring the severance of his relations with the academy.

Professor Talmage was chosen as his successor in the Principalship, but before the plans for the next year's work were completed, he was called to Salt Lake City to take charge of the Salt Lake Stake Academy.

At intervals during several years prior to his coming to Salt Lake City, Professor Talmage had spent as much time as he could spare in exploring the hills and canyons in the neighborhood of his home, and studying the formations in mining towns.

In this way he collected an extensive cabinet of specimens, geological and mineralogical, now forming an important part of the Deseret

Museum collections.

This cabinet has been very highly praised by specialists for its completeness and thorough classification.

Relative to this subject Dr.

Talmage says:

''While secretly rebelling in my heart against the old-time method of teaching science, without experiment or observation, I resolved that, should I ever become an instructor in those great subjects, I would supply my students with ihe facilities I had lacked so sorely."How well he has kept this resolution is shown by his success as teacher, observer and experimenter in science.

While occupying the position of principal of the Salt Lake Stake Academy, Professor Talmage struggled, and with good success, to raise the institution from the grade of a primary school to that of an academy proper.

To his duties as principal were added those of instructor in the scientific department.

The attendance of pupils grew rapidly, and soon exceeded the capacity of the Social Hall, in which the exercises were conducted.

Hundreds

SHINING LIGHTS

were turned away owing to a lack ot room, and in a short time it became necessary to discontinue the lower classes.

He retained his position at the head of the faculty until January, 1892, during which period he saw the academy grow to more promising proportions when it assumed the name of Latter-day Saints'College, and removed to its present quarters.

In July, 1890, he was stricken down with typhoid fever, complicated with other painful ailments, and for weeks he lay in a critical condition, his life being despaired of;

but he was healed, and while recognizing the assiduous care of the physicians who attended him as friends, he acknowledges the direct manifestation of the power of God in his behalf.

He possesses in an eminent degree the gift of the Spirit, to be healed under the administrations of the Priesthood.

In May, 1 889, he was honored in the bestowal of the degree of Doctor of Science and Didactics, the highest of its kind conferred by the educational organizations of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latter-day Saints.

This was an honor and distinction which availed more in his eyes than all others that had been bestowed upon him, or have since come to him the diploma bearing the name of Jesus Christ across its face.

But academic distinctions have fallen upon him in rich abundance; from his eastern alma mater, and other institutions, he has received the titles of A. C.

(Analytical Chemist), M. Sc.

(Master of Science) and Ph. D.

(Doctor of Philosophy).

In February, 1891, he was elected F. R. M.

S.

(Fellow of the Royal Microscopical Society, London), and to all who know the rank and dignity of such a distinction, and the exclusiveness of the society, the event will bear testimony of the esteem in which his work is held by those most competent to judge.

In May of the same year he went to Europe there to attend the meeting of his distinguished society; and at the June assembly he delivered an address before it on the subject of "Life in the Great Salt Lake.

On this occasion he made an extended tour on the continent,, accompanied by two other Utah citizens, Messrs. Reed Smoot and S. A.

King of Provo.

The party visited places of note in Holland, Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Italy and France.

Dr.

Talmage's principal objects of study on this trip were the glaciers of the Alps, and Rome and Pompeii.

Besides his labors as Principal and

Professor he has found time for incidentals in the line ot his work, having written two books on scientific subjects, besides numerous articles, short and extended, in special and local magazines.

The works referred to are "The First Book of Nature,"and "Domestic Science,"each ol which has run through second editions.

Both have been adopted by action of the Territorial convention ot school officers as regular text-books in the district schools of Utah.

The "First Book of Nature"was originnally prepared as one of the Y.

M.

M.

I. A. reading course, and was revised and re-issued in form suitable for class use in schools.

In January, 1892, Dr. Talmage resigned the position of principal ot the Latter-day Saints College to accept the professorship of chemistry and geology in the then embryotic Church university, in the formation of which Captain Willard Young as president, and himself as senior professor, were called to labor.

In that year the magnificent structure, known as the Deseret Museum building was erected for museum and laboratory purposes, and to Dr. Talmage was intrusted the commission of fitting up the scientific apartments, and equiping the same with apparatus and material.

In this pursuit he traveled to the Pacific coast, and through the eastern parts of the United States, and made another trip to Europe in 1893.

Since 1891 he has been president

SHINING LIGHTS.

and curator of the Deseret Museum, and the present advanced condition of that worthy institution is largely due to his skill, learning and energy.

Building upon the sure foundation, in the scientific work of the Museum, that had been laid by a man whose example and energy he reveres, the venerable Professor Joseph L.

Barfoot, he has made the place a workshop for the student.

The scientific and thorough classification, and the intrinsic worth of the institution, have been duly recognized by visitors from abroad, and in July, 1893, it was elected to membership in the Museums'Association, an august organization, having headquarters in Great

Britain.

Dr.

Talmage attended the London meeting of the association in the month last named; and he was also present at its Dublin meeting in June, 1894.

On the latter occasion he was elected, by virtue of his office as president of the Deseret Museum, to the council of the association.

The Deseret Museum has become widely known through the enterprise of bringing to the notice of the scientific public the wonderful Selenite geode found in Wayne County,

Utah.

Instead of a geode of ordinary size, weighing a few pounds, to be measured in inches, we have here a formation of not less than 300 tons, to be measured in scores of feet, with single perfect crystals exceeding a man's body in size and weight.

Though known to the cattlemen and rangers of the south, the scientific value of the formation was not recognized until Dr. Talmage visited it.

He took prompt measures to secure the ground, all of which action was approved and backed up with liberal appropriations of means by the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific

Association, the proprietors of the Deseret Museum.

As it was impossible to protect the formation from vandalism, in the open desert, the only way to preserve it was to remove it.

About forty-five tons of crystals were taken out, and by great exertion, hauled over a six or seven days'journey, to the railway terminus, and thence shipped to Salt Lake

City.

Over twenty tons of the crystals have been distributed to institutions of learning in Europe and tinUnited States, as free gifts.

The material has practically no money value;

its worth is wholly scientific.

The occurrence has attracted much attention in scientific circles in the United States and in Europe.

In June, 1893, Dr.

Talmage delivered, by invitation, an address on ''A remarkable occurrence of Selenite in Utah,"before the Royal Society of Edinburgh.

During the same month he addressed the Royal Microscopical Society, London, and a month later attended, by invitation, a meeting of the Academy of Science,

Paris.

In June, 1894, he was again in Europe, visiting and addressing various scientific organizations, notably the Royal Microscopical Society, the Mineralogical Society, London, and the Museums'Association, at its Dublin meeting.

He traveled as far east as Berlin, and spent a short time at the famous university there.

In December, 1894, an honor accorded thus far to less than a dozen Americans, fell to him.

He was elected by unanimous vote, Fellow of the Royal Society, Edinburgh, F. R.

S.

(Edin.), a distinction of which any master worker in science might well be proud.

Perhaps the chief honor of the event lies in the eminence of the sponsors, of whom there must be four, according to the laws of the society.

Those who so testify, from personal acquaintance, of his fitness, and whose names will be associated with his in the annals of that august organization, are Professor D'ArcyW.

Thompson, a biologist of wide repute; Professor Copeland, the

Astronomer Royal for Scotland;

Professor James Geikie, the geologist of world-wide fame, and Professor Tait, the eminent mathematician and physicist.

During the same month, and

SHINING LIGHTS.

within two days of the time of the election named above, Dr.

Talmage received the additional title of F. G.

S.

, Fellow of the Geological Society,

London, in which society he becomes associated with many of the most eminent geologists of the world.

In September, 1893, the practical work of instruction in the Church University was begun, courses in chemistry and natural philosophy being established.

The class work was entirely in the hands of Dr.

Talmage, assisted by one skilled chemist, and three general aids.

The same month he entered upon his duties as special professor of biology and metallurgy in the University of Utah.

His work in the Church University was carried on with great ardor during the winter of 1893-94, two or three night lectures per week, beside the daily class and laboratory work, being given by him during most of the season.

In April, 1894, f°r the very excellent reasons set forth in the official circulars of the action of the General Board of Education, and the First Presidency and Apostles of the Church, the work of the Church University was announced as soon to close, thus allowing a fuller concentration of energy in behalf of the state university;

and in the same month Dr.

Talmage was elected president of the University of Utah, to enter upon the duties of the office at the opening ofthe following academic year.

Acting under the terms of the territorial law governing endowments for the university, the Salt Lake Literary and Scientific Association endowed a chair in geology, to be known as the Deseret Professorship of Geology, and appointed him to the position.

The work of the Church University, though of but brief duration, was of a high order and brilliant effect.

In October, 1893, a theological class was established in connection with the institution, the sessions to be held on Sundays at noon.

Dr. Talmage was given charge and commenced a course of lectures on "The Articles of Faith."The main room of the Church University building proved entirely too small for the first sessions, so the class was thereafter held in the Assembly Hall.

Classes continued until April, 1894, with a general attendance ot over 1,100.

Work was conducted mainly by lectures, and by questions and answers.

Printed outlines of each lecture were furnished the students; and the lectures themselves, approved by a committee appointed by the general authorities of the Church, and which sat in conjunction with the First Presidency, have been published in serial order, and are promised in book form.

Rarely has so ethusiastic a theological class been seen.

The attendance, was mainly of adults, and of the more intelligent part of the community.

Universal regret was expressed when the press of other duties on the part of the instructor made the discontinuance of the class imperative.

Returning to Utah, from his third European trip, in August, 1894, Dr.

Talmage entered at once upon the active duties of his position as president of the University of Utah, and the present harmonious and flourishing condition of the institution speaks of his success in his new office.

In spite of his full professional labors, he has always found or made time for general and incidental work in connection with benevolent, philanthropic and charitable organizations, having been a familiar figure on the local rostrum.

His lectures before Improvement Associations, Church societies generally, and in aid of charitable enterprises, are well known, and have always been largely attended.

Dr. Talmage works according to a severe regimen; 8:30 a. m.

usually finds him at his office, but before that time he has often disposed of

2 3 8 S/f/NING L IC // 7:s '.

from two to four hours'work in his private study room.

Hard, morning work has been for years his main reliance.

He is not lacking in physical energy and activity, but is preeminently a brain worker; hence the following statement of his views and habits respecting mental 1 abor has unusual interest and value:

"As a rule T shun the midnight oil,"said he.

"After a steady day's labcr, 1 can work at night, but I do so through forced power.

A great part of my energy is wasted in fighting the effects of fatigue.

I am opposed to any so-called system of regular habits, requiring one to wor,k along the lines of great resistance.

I believe in economy of brain force, as I believe in economy of fuel and light; and true economy consists in getting the most for the expenditure.

I therefore try to work when in the best condition for work; and such a state, with me, is usually in the early morning.

If, however, my day's work may chance to be light, I can spend an hour in night study very profitably.

Among the elements that have greatly contributed to his success as a student, may be named a cultivated capability for long-sustained effort, a scrupulous regard for ventilation in his working and sleeping rooms, strict observance of the simple laws of hygiene, and rigidly temperate habits.

He not only eschews alcoholic beverages, but also tea, coffee and extremely cold drinks.

He is a careful observer of the Word of Wisdom, and an exemplification of the principles of personal government which he aims to teach to others.

He works methodically and rapidly.

He has cultivated a spirit of humility and self-sacrifice, and a willingness to be governed by the advice of those whose right it is to counsel him; and to this course, more than to any other single cause, he attributes the success he has attained in life.

Closely allied to the elements of character that have impelled him to pursue this policy is another endowment which is, in fact, the essence ol genius, namely, a determination to persist in hard work, or in other words, the willingness to take pains in his labor.

Hard, methodical, persistent work, accompanied by the virtues which the Gospel inculcates, and by the blessings which it promises to those who live in accord with it, has resulted in the fame which Dr. Talmage enjoys today as a teacher, orator and scientist.

His life and his example are before the young men of Utah, and thousands of them may become what he now is so far as learning will make them like him, if they will but do as he has done.

But they must be industrious and persevering;

they must be humble and self-sacrificing;

and they must work, work, work.

Genius without industry never obtains recognition;

indeed, some philosophers deny its existence apart from hard work.

A new epoch is now dawning on the Latter-day Saints.

Instead ot being looked upon as Nazarenes, ihey are coming to be regarded as Spartans.

They are entering upon a new phase of their mighty destiny.

Honor is taking the place of the odium under which they were held so long.

The traits and elements they have so assiduously cultivated have become mighty forces which are commanding recognition on the part of the whole civilized world.

The more advanced nations are needing, worse than they need any other one thing, precisely such men as are being trained in the schools of Utah;

and the reception the young men of this community will meet when they go out into the world, will be a glorious one, provided they have made the most of their opportunities.

The truth of this is proven in the person of Dr.

James E.

Talmage.

Though he is still a young man, and far, on the ascending side, from the

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

zenith of his career, he has been honored by august scholastic and scientific organizations in both Old and New Worlds as few Americans have ever been.

Scholars and noblemen in Europe, and learned men in our own country, have signalized their recognition of his intellectual attainments, the possession of which qualifies him to be an instrument in the hands of

God for doing incalculable good for the cause of truth in circles which are never penetrated by the ordinary missionary work of Latter-day Saint

Elders.

It is easier to surmount difficulties after we have seen them surmounted by some one else; and for this reason, if for no other, the life of Dr. James E.

Talmage should be studied by our young men, thousands of whom will find in it a new impetus for their industry, and a new source of hope and courage.

Many of them may, if they will, parallel or even surpass his career, and rival or even eclipse his fame;

but the question, who among them will do this, will be answered by naming the ones who will, with the greatest amount ot faith, humility and diligence, perform the greatest amount of hard, persistent, intelligent work.

B. F.

Cummings, Jr.

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

THE INTRODUCTION (CONTINUED).

It seems almost like overdoing matters to write another chapter on so small a portion of the sermon as the introduction;

especially so in view of the fact that, as preachers, we have hardly begun to consider what an introduction means, least of all determined to make use of this device in our discourses.

But as I confidently believe that the time will come for each Elder when the tasteless little talk whereby he now seeks to steady his nerves will no longer be indulged in, by reason of an ardent desire to arouse in his hearers a high pitch of interest for the message which he feels burning within his bosom—believing, I say, that our Elders will shortly feel all this in a definite way, I venture to open the subject again.

In my last chapter I sought primarily to discover what are the purposes of an introduction, and reduced them to three, viz., (1) to dispose an audience favorably toward the speaker;(2)to arouse intellectual alertness;and (3) to gain sympathy for the views about to be advanced.

In this chapter I desire to discuss especially how these objects are to be accomplished.

1. An introduction should be short.

Just as it is the main purpose of an introduction te excite curiosity, so it should be the chief care to turn this curiosity into genuine interest, ere suspense and weariness have made it flat.

The behavior of yeast furnishes me a fine simile here.

Every housekeeper knows that under favorable circumstances the vinous fermentation progresses rapidly, but it continued too long, the acetous fermentation begins;

or, to put it in Anglo-Saxon, if the yeast works too fast, and too long, it turns sour.

Let me carry this illustration a little further.

A scattering individual here and there has tasted bread made from sour yeast; but all of us, without exception, have tasted sermons that have been soured by the introduction.

This observation leads me to remark that the sisters manage their bread better than the brethren do their sermons;

a circumstance explained perhaps, by the trifling fact that some attention is usually given to bread-making.

A long introduction occasionally holds the attention of an audience.

But in such cases, we may be pretty certain that it is failing in its real purpose.

Instead of exciting interest

I'RI'IACIIING AM) /'REACHING.

for what is to follow, it is drawing attention to itself.

To fail in this particular, is to leave it without an excuse for taking up time;

but it is even then better than the introduction, whose length makes it flat and wearisome.

Long introductions under the most favorable circumstances, are offensive to the mental eye as being out of proportion.

They remind you of those curious houses which have very gaudy and pretentious fronts, but which fall rapidly into insignificance by one lean-to after another, until the series closes—appropriately, let us say—in a coal-shed or dog-kennel.

Undue length is not the only thing that sours an introduction;

it may fall flat from a number of other causes which will be touched shortly.

But this one is perhaps the most prominent cause of sourness or flatness.

This leads to the enquiry: What is undue length in an introduction?

In answering this question let us fall back upon our illustration.

If yeast be placed, say in the cellar where the temperature is low, it works slowly, but if brought near the stove, it goes with a gallop, so to speak.

Now every audience has a certain emotional temperature which rises quickly or slowly, partly in accordance with the previous culture of the people, partly by the magnetic force and imaginativeness of the speaker.

For instance, take an audience of children.

Here the introduction must be excursive, and each separate point be made an object-lesson which should excite interest on its own account.

Without such preparation the ulterior lesson cannot be attained.

An uncultured grown-up audience have in many respects child-minds, and must be treated in the same way, without seeming to be so treated, however.

Milk is actually what both minds need, but you cannot give it to the bearded boys with a spoon.

I said, in many respects the uncultured adult mind resembles that of the child.

One of these is the want in both minds of collateral facts and ideas whereby to apperceive the thought to be presented.

This missing basis of knowledge must be supplied, as well with an adult audience as with children, if the principles of the sermon are to be assimilated.

But in the case of the adult, no matter how meager his information, the very exigencies of life will have given him a power not possessed by the child, of reasoning to conclusions; an ability to "catch the drift"of a sermon, to feel the force and bearing of facts, and to see the end toward which those facts are converging.

If now the general principle be kept in view, that the secret of interest is giving the mind something to do, there should be no difficulty in deciding in what respects introductions for children and for uncultured adults should be alike and in what unlike.

They should be alike in being elaborate and graphic in giving all the.

facts necessary to flux, as it were, the ore of the sermon.

This means that they must be long, quite too long for the patience of the few here and there who do not need this information.

They are unlike in that with children the relationships arising out of the introductory facts must be woven so finely—must be made so gauze-like—as barely to veil the truth.

This is a most delicate point to reach without accident.

One word wrongly put may spoil all by ''giving away the story."When their little eyes sparkle with restless anxiety, as if to say:

"Is it this, or is it that?

Oh, dear, I wish I knew,"then must the introduction end and the discussion begin.

But long ere this pitch of interest is reached with the child, the man, with his quicker grasp of relationships, has seen through it all. To persist explaining after this has happened is to make him conscious that you are trying to feed him with a spoon, and to make yourself conscious by reaction that he is a big ungrateful boy.

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

I stated a short time ago that the secret of interest is giving the mind something to do.

This something I may add here, must be original work, not work on matter which you have chewed fine first.

Let this be a hint to those delightful people who want to tell it all.

We are interested when we begin to discover relations lor ourselves not when relations are pointed out.

The cause of the interest is our uncertainty as to whether we are right, which makes us eager to hear more, that we may verify our forecasts.

The speaker who has not the power to cause us to make forecasts draws upon our patience.

He who spoils our forecasts by a blundering tongue draws upon our disgust.

Length and elaborateness of introduction must depend then upon the nature of the subject, the nature of the occasion, and the degree of mental activity manifested by the audience.

Frequently no introduction is necessary, especially where the objects of the meeting are definite and well-known.

When it is given, it is better to err on the side of shortness than length.

Five minutes is ample for preliminary remarks.

This will give the speaker time for five hundred words, which is ten percent of what should be the limit of a long sermon, five thousand words.

When the minds of the audience are finely poised, it will be well to make the introduction as short as was Paul's before the Athenians.

It will be seen therefore that as regards length or elaborateness of introduction no rules can be given that do not take into account the conditions of the audience.

To know these conditions is the great art or rather the great inspiration of the preacher.

This, I think, is the meaning of the gift of discerning of spirits.

It is a sort of spiritual thermometer that detects instantly the religious warmth or coldness in the room, thereby enabling the speaker to adapt his remarks to meet the conditions.

Speakers that ramble from start to finish seem not to have this delicate mental perception.

The habit of talking to a room full of air in which human figures happen to sit, rather than to throbbing hearts and beaming eyes, has dulled the sensibility alike to the warmth and the coldness of the spiritual climate.

Such speakers get their pleasure solely by the vanity of standing before an audience, and gather their inspiration, such as it is, by the sound of their own voices.

Could they at some given moment be made keenly sensible of the feelings they have aroused in their hearers, what a collapse there would be in this fluent march of empty sounds!

2.

The introduction shou/d be simple, direct, and stiggestive.

By the word "simple,"I mean that it should contain no word or form of expression that will not yield its kernel of thought without a severe mental effort.

It must be borne in mind that the audience has as yet attained no intellectual momentum:

the wheels of thought are just begining to move.

To load them down at the start is to stop or balk the machinery.

Simplicity is lost, as before intimated, by the use of unfamiliar words, by involved constructions, and by haziness ol thought.

The last is the most common as well as the worst fault.

Too often preachers act as if the time allotted for the introduction were for their particular benefit and not for the benefit of the audience.

Instead of coming forward with ideas clear and definite, they practice blindly on their hearers for a time till the muddiness of their brain has settled and their thoughts clarify.

The audience in the meanwhile is called upon for a severe mental effort at the start in order to get coherency out of this jumble and tangle of ideas;

and when it fails, as it must fail, all three aims of the introduction are frustrated:

respect for the speaker is lost, intellectual alertness blunted, and

/•A'/;./r///.\Y; and i>ri-:ac hinc.

sympathy for the object of the sermon not aroused.

Want of naturalness in the introduction from whatever cause is a fault analagous to want of simplicity.

The speaker that exhibits undue feeling: on the start, forgets that his audience is cold and impassionate, and can have no sympathy with such an outburst.

I call to mind a preacher who began so vehemently that in less than five minutes the tears were streaming"down his cheeks.

The cause of this sudden feeling was, I suppose, quiet adequate—to him;

but he forgot that these causes had not been presented to the audience.

The result was, he cried alone for us all, while we hung our heads in pity, or shame, or disgust—I scarcely know which—for him.

A calm, deliberate beginning followed by a gradual increasing warmth—an emotion that transfers heat so subtly to the audience, as to seem itself rather more cool than the occasion demands—is the best plan in nine cases out of ten.

The tenth case is where the audience is already in a state of excitement, perhaps through the efforts of a previous speaker, perhaps through the influence of circumstances or happenings common to all.

The unimpassioned introduction is manifestly out of place in such a case.

A fine general rule as regards simplicity is always to begin on the intellectual and emotional level of the audience, whatever that may be.

This brings forward the fact again that the preacher exists for the congregation, not the congregation for the preacher.

In saying that the introduction should be "direct,"I have special reference to the avoidance of a "showy"beginning.

Nothing is more common in the first essays of the student than attempts at ''fine writing."Effect is sought by elaborate phrases, inverted construction, climacteric and periodic sentences, rich displays of metaphor and simile—in all which the feeble thought, it thought there be at all, is over-shadowed like the daisy in the tropics.

Now, although when such essays are read, the uncultured multitude exclaims: "How beautiful!"it is not this surface approbation that preachers must aim at.

I quite foresee, however, that when our young Elders shall give conscious attention to the construction of the sermon, the first mistake they will make will be in this same striving after effect by the mere ornaments of style.

I wish therefore to call attention here to the fact that the safest rule for the introduction, as indeed, for the discussion also, is:

''Talk to the point and stop when you reach it."Usefulness, not ornament, must decide the choice ot every word and phrase.

The charm of Joseph Smith's preaching lay in the fact that he took the shortest route to the hearts of his hearers often it would seem, to the serious disturbance of a strait-laced brother or sister here and there, who had been accustomed to the "firstly,""secondly,""thirdly,"etc., of elaborate discourses.

Directness is oftenest violated by want of unity.

In such cases, no single purpose has been kept in view and the result is an introduction so loosely constructed as to serve equally well for each of a dozen sermons, which means that it would serve none of them well.

Directness does not exclude diversity of material.

It simply insists that a single purpose shall co-ordinate and subordinate it all, and also that no matter shall be included which does not bring the introduction nearer the discussion.

For that species of mental vagrancy which sets off at a right angle to illustrate some thought, then straightway forgets the thought and sets out at another right angle to illustrate the illustration, and so on ad infinitum—there is no cure save a vigorous course of study that shall tend to mind concentration.

Such minds

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

*43 cannot afford to indulge in the slightest digressions;

for there is danger that they will not come back.

Let all such follow the trail while it is hot, allowing no smaller thoughts starting from the sides to tempt them from pursuit of the original purpose.

Directness implies that the introduction must begin within hailing distance of the discussion;

as near indeed, as the audience happens to be.

This is to remind certain Elders that it is not necessary, nor always desirable, to preface every sermon by a synopsis of the history of the Church.

Such a going back for a beginning reminds us of the Dutchman, who, thinking a certain stream too broad to jump, took a two-mile start from the top of a hill, but found on reaching the bank that it was necessary to pause awhile to recover breath, before attempting the leap.

So the Elder who takes his hearers on a useless preliminary excursion in the hope of arousing interest, will find them too weary to appreciate his discussion when at length it begins.

Not only should the thoughts composing the introduction spring up from a radius near the discussion, but like good soldiers, they should move by orderly and swift advances toward the scene of action.

What could inspire more courage in a speaker and confidence in an audience than the exhilarating effect of such a rapid forward movement?

The speaker whose thoughts thus converge and ''pitch right into''the subject, arouses expectation.

"He means business;

if we are to follow him we must keep our wits about us."An introduction should be suggestive;

that is, it should not only excite expectation, but it should excite expectation concerning the subject in hand.

It should be of the same quality of cloth as the discussion, and should differ in color only as trimmings may differ.

Where expectations have been aroused which the discussion fails to satisfy, the audience feels balked.

If the speaker has done this so adroitly as to make his hearers acknowledge themselves outwitted, then something of the eagerness shown by the reader who has been thrown off the scent of a detective story, will attach to the next step in the sermon.

But how rarely would all circumstances combine to make an audience admit this!

Oftener the preacher will be charged, and justly, too, with blundering and haphazard talk.

"What has all this, that he has just been telling us, got to do with the subject now being treated?"

And the answer in most cases must be: "Nothing whatever, save as it enabled him to whet his dullness upon our patience."Thus, the objects of the introduction are frustrated, especially in respect of sympathy for the principles to be advanced.

But, while the introduction should be suggestive, care must be taken to make it only suggestive;

that is, it must not steal thunder from the discussion.

He is a poor storyteller that "gives away"his plot at the opening.

So is he a poor preacher that instead of making use of curiosity throughout his sermon, satisfies it at a single gulp, and is thereafter compelled to ram all his doctrines down unwilling throats by the unaided force of his spiritual dogmatism.

Chickens are fattened for market by this ramming process, but I very much fear that souls are made leaner by it.

This adjustment between the introduction and the discussion, is, as remarked in the last chapter, the most delicate point in the whole business of sermon-making.

On the one hand nothing should be left out of the introduction that can place the mind in a better attitude toward the subject-matter; yet, on the other, there is the greatest danger that too much will be said; that the discussion will be so stripped of its richest coloring as to seem when it comes like a series of thread-bare repetitions.

But difficult as is this adjust-

PREACHING AND PREACHING.

ment, it can be successfully accomplished by every Elder that will give it sufficient thought.

Witness how skillfully Nathan the Prophet prepared the mind of King David for God's judgment upon him for the double crime of adultery and murder.

His parable of the ewe-lamb was was suggestive, without being too suggestive.

Would his purpose have been accomplished as well had he blundered in the introduction?

j.

The introduction should be moderate and modest.

First as to moderation.

In no other place can a man so ill afford to promise what he is unable to fulfill as when he stands before an audience.

To excite expectations by a splendid introduction is quite the proper thing—for the man who is able to gratify such expectations.

But for the man of ordinary talent, it is better to lead the audience to expect little rather than much, that the interest may rise rather than fall as the sermon progresses.

The language is full of phrases, expressive of failures in respect of promising too much.

"He came out of the little end of the horn"is a familiar way of putting it.

Another, which however smells rather too strongly of tobacco, has it, "He bit off more than he could chew."A building started on too large a scale and left unfinished is invariably denominated So and So's "folly."Anti-climax in any form appeals rather to ridicule than to repect.

The preacher cannot afford to run this risk.

But there is little need of cautioning our Elders on this point.

If they indulge any vanity it is much more likely to be the opposite one—that of excessive self-depreciation.

This leads me to discuss the next prime quality of the introduction—as also indeed of the entire discourse—viz:

modesty.

Modesty, in the first place, forbids the parading of self before the audience.

I say parading, for such conduct does not deserve a more gentle word.

There are two forms of this species of intrusion. The first is where the speaker either directly or indirectly holds himself up as an object ot praise or adoration.

Fortunately this form is rare among Latter-day Saints, though it crops out occasionally.

The other form is all but universal among us.

I refer to the tiresome, long-drawn-out apologies about the unexpectedness of the call, and about being unprepared, etc., etc., with which we deem it necessary to preface our remarks.

Occasionally a speaker throws in an extra paragraph or two on his ph) sical ailments

There may be instances wherein allusions to self in a discourse are quite proper.

But our sermons would be vastly improved if preachers regarded such instances as exceptional, and would follow the general rule not to exhibit themselves either for exaltation on the one hand, or for stultification on the other.

One word as to excuses and excuse-making.

Next to the student that habitually shirks, stands the student who has the habit of making excuses.

The first is lazy the second is weak; both are ciphers so far as real progress in this world is concerned.

The first fails through want of desire, the second through want of will.

The latter may have the desire, but he lacks the force to carryit through.

Instead of his controlling circumstances, circumstances control him.

Often, however, he is weak by carelessness rather than by want of force.

•Dr. Maeser well knew this characteristic of human nature.

The first excuse would perhaps be accepted with a reassuring smile, the second with a look of surprise, the third with some stern reproof like this ''Young man, this is the last excuse I want to hear from you this term.

I hate excuses.

They are generally a sign of weakness.

'Sickness?'Don't get sick, that's all I can say.

It is high time you were learning to make

PREACHING AND

PREACHIAG.

things bend to some supreme purpose of life."And strange as it may appear excuses generally ceased to come. The student somehow learned to deny himself of parties, sociables and frivolities, and to place duty above them all.

Now apply this little moral to the ten thousand preachers among the Latter-day Saints.

If those who preside would treat shiftless Elders as Brother Maeser treated shiftless students, there would soon be an end of the excuse-making apologies and which, it is scarcely too harsh to say, are a disgrace to our preaching today.

What business have Elders in Israel to be making excuses?

Modesty in the presentation of a discourse demands, in the second place, every possible courtesy and consideration for the feelings of an audience.

A speaker will not indulge airs of superiority or of condescension in the presence of his hearers if he hopes to get them favorably disposed toward himself, or in sympathy with his views.

On the contrary, he will, if he is wise, manifest toward them a spirit of genial, democratic frankness that shall make them say: "He is one of us."I am just now thinking of one of the Apostles whose chiefest charm this is.

So warmly does the quality attach people to him, that he can say the severest things—and he seldom fails to give iron-clad reproof wherever it is needed—without making his hearers love him any the less.

Respect for an audience is best shown by a proper self-respect.

The sloven in dress or speech need not expect much sympathy even though his hearers be themselves largely of that class.

It is related of Patrick Henry that, wishing to win the voters of a certain remote district, he dressed in homely garb and spoke to them in their own peculiar dialect.

It was a piece of bad judgment on his part.

These backwoods farmers were insulted.

They knew too well that the greatest orator of America was not in the habit of dressing like a tobacco planter, nor of electrifying his audiences by the lingo of the plantation.

In conclusion let me urge that time and thought put upon the opening remarks of a sermon are not wasted.

When it is considered that the purpose of preaching is not to gratify the vanity of the preacher but to persuade men to a better life, then any detail, be it ever so trifling, which helps to insure the fulfillment of this purpose is important.

The sight is one of the smallest things about a gun.

It is moreover quite unnecessary to the man who shoots merely for the fun of hearing the sound and seeing the smoke.

But the man who fires every time to some purpose counts it of the supremest importance, and would not think of getting along without it.

When the young Elder gets beyond the novelty of "holding"an audience, and past the vanity of being pleased with his own voice, he will begin to appreciate the value of a sight to his gun.

This does not conclude the subject of the introduction, though it must end further discussion of it here.

It would be quite in order, did space permit, to devote a chapter to examples illustrating the principles set forth.

However, if these essays shall be counted worthy of recasting and amplifying into a manual on preaching, much matter of this kind can be supplied.

The next chapter will be devoted to the discassioii.

N. L. Nelson.

The earth can boast no purer tie,

No brighter, richer gem, No jewel of a richer dye, Than friendship's diadem.

Heaven's not reached at a single bound,

But we build the ladder by which we rise,

From the lowly earth to the vaulted skies,

And we mount to its summit round by round.

SCANDINAVIAN REMINISCKXCKS.

IV.

THE BRANCH AT AALBORG.

The second branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Denmark, was raised up under trying circumstances by Elder George P.

Dykes, in the ancient city of Aalborg, province of Norre, Jutland, (North Jutland).

Aalborg, in 1850.

was a city of about ten thousand inhabitants.

It is situated on the south side of "Limfjorden,"a peculiar water system which actually makes the northern part of the peninsula an island.

North of Aalborg, on the opposite side of the fjord, which here is less than half a mile wide, lies the smaller town of Norre Sundby, which in 1 850 had about one thousand inhabitants, and was connected with Aalborg by ferries.

Subsequently, (in 1865), a pontoon bridge was built across the fjord, and still later a railway bridge, which at present affords easy communication between the two towns, and between the district of country known as Himmerland on the south and the renowned

Vendsyssel on the north side of "Limfjorden."Before Elder Erastus Snow left for England, he appointed Elder George P. Dykes to go to the city of Aalborg to open up a new missionary field.

In obedience to this call Elder Dykes took passage on a steamer at Copenhagen on the eighth of October, 1850, bound for Aalborg; but as the vessel encountered a heavy head wind, it did not reach that city till the tenth.

As soon as the passengers were safely landed in the old town, Elder Dykes started out in search of a lodging place;

but as his means were very limited, he hired a small room in a side street, where he made his home temporarily, and lived on cheap fare.

He bought a dinner as a rule every day;

but very rarely found either supper or breakfast.

"Under these gloomy circumstances,"he writes, "I began in faith to lift my warning voice to a very superstitious people, and soon I had enough to do, for the spirit that had for ages lulled the priests and the people to sleep under their ancient customs and dead ceremonies was now awakened, and arose like the old lion from his slumbers and came forth in the powers of darkness which caused a trembling in the land, such as has not been known for generations past.

The people were astonished, their sleep was disturbed by night, and their labors by day.

There was something new in the land;

it was the voice ot God from on high—a message from that God whom they or their fathers had not known."In Aalborg, as well as in Copenhagen, there were in quite a number of Baptists who seemed to be very sincere in their religious reform, and the success following the preaching of the fullness of the Gospel among the Baptists in the capital of Denmark was undoubtedly the main reason why the attention of the first Elders was drawn to the same class of people in the distant city of Aalborg.

Among the leading Baptists in the vicinity of Aalborg was Hans

Peter Jensen, the owner of a large mechanical establishment in Norre Sundby.

He was also "Forstander"or president of the Baptists in Aalborg and vicinity.

This Mr. Jensen and other influential Baptists were endeavoring to adjust some differences of opinion existing among the members of that denomination concerning certain doctrinal points when

Elder Dykes, unexpectedly to them, arrived in Aalborg.

Mr.

Jensen became one of his first converts.

He, together with his wife and six others, were baptized October 27, 1850. as the first fruits of the fullness of the Gospel in the province of Norre Jylland.

After his baptism.

Brother Jensen, who had been a very active Baptist for eleven years, went to his former co-relieionists, to whom

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES

he still felt himself attached by the most tender ties and affection, and endeavored to convert them to Mormonism;

showing them how the Baptists in many respects had incorporated many erroneous doctrines into their creed.

Some of them listened attentively to his testimony and explanations, and were soon afterwards baptized, while others hardened their hearts against the principles of truth and were from that time on the avowed enemies and bitter opponents of Elder Dykes and his associates.

One of these (Mr.

Foltved) succeeded Mr.

Jensen as president of the Baptist organization in Aalborg.

On November 25, 1850, the newly baptized members in Aalborg and Norre Sundby were organized into a regular branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and Hans Peter Jensen was ordained to the office of a Priest and set apart to preside over the same.

This was the first branch of the Church organized in the province of Norre Jylland, and the second in Denmark.

In a communication written by Elder Dykes on November 29th, 1850, he states that he had up to that date baptized twenty-three, and had rented a good-sized meeting hall, connected with a set of smaller rooms suitable for the use of a small family.

Elder Dykes obligated himself to pay one hundred Rigsdaler in rent per annum, fifty Rigsdaler on the 1st of January, 1851, and fifty Rigsdaler in

June following, though at the time of making the contract, he had no means wherewith to meet this expense.

He took Hans F. Petersen and wife, two of the newly-baptized members, in with him to occupy the smaller apartments, reserving only one room for his own private use and boarding with the family.

In the adjoining yard, which was inclosed with a high plank fence, he and the newly baptized brethren soon afterwards prepared a baptismal font, which could be supplied with water from an adjoining pump.

In this enclosure the ordinance of baptism could be administered away from the public gaze.

There were two apartments adjoining which could be used for dressing rooms.

Nearly all of the first converts to Mormonism in Aalborg were formerly Baptists, and those of that denomination who rejected the testimony of Elder Dykes, together with some Swedenborgians, soon learned that the better policy for them to pursue, was to keep away from him and the converts he had already made.

But this would not do for the Lutherans—the established church of the land.

One of the leading clergymen of the city—

man who had traveled a great deal and had been on a mission to Smyrna—sent for Elder Dykes to have a conversation with him concerning religion; but after the second day the priest found "that fighting against the truth with their weapons was like small arms against the rock of Gibraltar."Accordingly they resorted to other means, namely, to excite the people to hostility against Elder Dykes.

In a short time the house in which he lived was surrounded by a mob who broke in the windows and a part of the roof, while they swore and raged like madmen.

Brother Dykes, however, escaped personal violence.

Next he was sent for by the mayor of the city, who questioned him very closely; but

Elder Dykes who had posted himself in regard to the laws of the country, and particularly those which guarantee religious liberty in the land, was enabled to defend his position clearly, and prove that everything he had done in the city was perfectly legal.

Notwithstanding this, the mayor, contrary to law, forbade him to hold any more meetings, except with those who had acknowledged a belief in the new religion, "until he (the mayor) could send to the king's minister (Kultus-Ministeren) in Copenhagen."

SCANDIN* 1 JAN RE MINISi ENC ES.

For three months after that no meetings could be held in the rented hall; but Elder Dykes improved the time in visiting privately from house to house and from village to village, teaching the people the way of life;

"and thus,"he writes, "many times, being out till late, has the midnight hour found me wandering over the snowy hills of Jylland;

but in the midst of all this opposition the work moved on, and spread on the right hand and on the left, and calls by letters and messengers for visits were increased so that I could not fill them all."In the meantime the Baptists had written to Copenhagen for a Mr.

Rotter, the presiding Elder there, to come to Aalborg and help them, as their church was in danger of being broken up by the Mormons.

This man had previously, in writing to his co-religionists, advised them to follow Elder Dykes from house to house and show the people the erroneousness ol his doctrines.

After a while Mr.

Rotter came, and had an interview with Brother Dykes;

but after a few hours'conversation he became very nervous, and seemed suddenly to remember that his presence was wanted elsewhere;

he however appointed another day on which to meet Brother Dykes again, together with Mr.

Foltved, the Baptist presiding elder in Aalborg.

According to appointment Mr.

Rotter, Mr.

Foltved and Elder Dykes met in a private house for further discussion;

but a comfortable sofa soon became an unpleasant seat for Mr.

Rotter, who left in a rage, and after that avoided any further interview with Elder Dykes, though he remained in Aalborg nearly three months.

Unable to stand against the truth on the basis of Bible arguments, ecclesiastical history or their learning, the priests began to contend among themselves and to publish articles in the newspapers, accusing each other of bad management toward Elder Dykes, who, owing to the fact that his public meetings being unlawfully stopped by the mayor, had now privately filled the land with his doctrine.

The clergy contended that they had not the opportunity of exposing in public the "false doctrines"taught by the Mormon.

The Baptists next sent to Hamburg for a Mr. Kobner, one of their leading men in that distant German city, to come to Aalborg with all possible haste, as that now seemed to be the only plausible way through which their church could be saved;

for they had done all in their power to stop the Mormon influence in their ranks, even going so far as to pass a decree to the effect that any member of their church who was known to go twice to any Mormon meeting, or twice converse with any of the Mormons, should be excommunicated from their church.

But after all these measures members of their denomination would occasionally hear and believe the truth, as taught by Elder Dykes, till their organization in Aalborg was well nigh broken up.

In the meantime Mr.

Kobner came armed with those old American lies which had originated with Kidder, Bennett and others, and met Elder Dykes, first in private, and afterwards with some of the Saints and the leading Baptists of Aalborg in Brother Dykes'own room.

Elder Dykes and Mr. Kobner spoke fifteen minutes each alternately till about eleven o'clock at night, when the Baptists became confused, and the meeting broke up;

the result of this was that two came forward and were baptized.

The following Sunday Mr. Kobner spent the time in reading, translating and explaining to his congregation Bennett's history of the Saints, and other works teeming with falsehoods;

and on the following Tuesday evening Mr.

Kobner and Elder Dykes met for discussion in the Baptist

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

meeting hall; by invitation some of the Saints and a number of the Baptists were present.

Everything being ready, Mr.

Kobner arose and demanded in a tone of authority that Elder Dykes should prove "that there was in the Apostolic Church a Priesthood, or individual members chosen to officiate in the priest's office, as Joseph Smith had organized in the "Mormon sect."Elder Dykes had no difficulty in proving the affirmative of this from the Bible, and also proved the correctness of the principles he advocated in a general way by Scriptural arguments.

The meeting continued till about eleven o'clock, when Mr.

Kobner asked Elder Dykes how long he wished to hold the meeting.

The answer was: "As long as you will;

I stand here a living witness of the eternal truths of heaven, as revealed in these last days; and I am at your service to continue here from day to day as long as you please."Mr.

Kobner replied that he looked upon Elder Dykes as an unconverted man, whom it was not worth his time to contend with.

The day following this discussion three new converts came forward for baptism.

In the meantime the minister at Copenhagen had written to the mayor of Aalborg to give Elder Dykes liberty to hold meetings.

The mayor promptly informed Elder

Dykes of the decision, after which regular and well attended meetings were held as long as Elder Dykes remained in Aalborg.

On March 17,1851, Elder Christian

Christiansen and Christian J. Larsen, two young men who had embraced the Gospel and been ordained to the

Priesthood in Copenhagen, arrived in Aalborg to assist Elder Dykes in his labors there.

These native Elders, together with Elder Hans Peter Jensen,

Hans Frederik Petersen and others who had been baptized in Aalborg and vicinity, were very energetic in their labors; and through their instrumentality many were 4 d added to the Church, and the preaching was extended into the rural districts on both sides of "Limfjorden."About the middle of May, 1851, Elder Dykes left Aalborg for Hamburg, where he, according to appointment, met Brother Erastus Snow and accompanied him on a visit to England.

Elder Dykes had labored in Jylland six months and three days, during which time he raised up a branch which at the time he left embraced in its membership one Elder, three Teachers and one Deacon.

Ninetyone had been baptized, and two excommunicated.

He had also published one thousand tracts, treating upon the doctrines of the Gospel, which he circulated gratis, one thousand Scripture references and eight hundred chronological tables.

The latter he had prepared in order to show that the second coming of the Savior was nigh at hand.

He also circulated about two hundred tracts which Brother Snow had sent him from Copenhagen.

On Sunday, June 22, 1851, Elder Hans Peter Jensen and his brethren of the Priesthood concluded that they would perform the ordinance of baptism at a public place by the sea side (that is in the open waters of "Limfjorden"near the city of Aalborg).

A great gathering of people, comprising both sexes of all ages, gathered at the appointed place to witness something that could not fail to arouse their highest curiosity.

Before proceeding to baptize Elders Christian J. Larson and Hans

Peter Jensen spoke to them according to what Elder Forsgreen calls "the spirit of the Book of Mormon, and warned the people to flee from the Church of the devil, and let them know that those priests which they had in those high steeples were Gentiles,"etc.

At these announcements the people became enraged and seized some of the brethren whom they brought before a prominent clergyman of the city.

They

SCANDIXA VIAX REMIXISt 'EXt ES were followed thither by the mob, who next proceeded to the place where the Saints were holding their meetings and began a havoc on the house; all the windows were broken, the doors torn down, and all the members of the Church within reach were grossly insulted.

For a while it looked as if several of the Saints would lose their lives;

but, strange to say, none were seriously hurt, though the mob seemed to be angry enough to commit almost any crime.

Sister Mathilda Petersen, who had just got up from a bed of confinement in a room adjoining the hall, was compelled to leave the house, after the windows and doors were broken by the mob.

In the evening the soldiers, of which quite a number were quartered in the city at the time, were ordered out to quell the disturbance; but just before they arrived on the scene of the mobbing, a fearful storm, accompanied by thunder and lightning (the like of which had scarcely been seen in Aalborg before, ) broke forth, and the mobbers, many drenched to the skin, fled to their homes.

The six following nights the mobbers repeated their depredations, and not satisfied with having demolished the Saints'meeting house or place of worship, they hunted up all the members of the Church they could find in the city and vicinity, and treated thir private residences in much the same manner as they had the meet-'ing hall; and while they broke doors and windows, and destroyed furniture and other property on general principles, they also insulted the people in almost every conceivable way, sparing neither sex nor age.

The late Hans F.

Petersen, of Ephraim, Sanpete County, Utah the man who with his wife lived with

Elder Dykes in the rooms adjoining the meeting hall, gives the following •detailed account in his private journal of these mobbings:

"On Sunday, June 22, (1851) we held council meetings all day, and many of the'Saints were present.

About six o'clock in the evening most of the members went out to the fjord, at a point nearly a mile east of the town, to baptize three individuals who desired to join the Church.

A large crowd of people followed us to the place appointed for the purpose, and after we reached the spot, the crowd kept increasing, until hundreds of people had gathered, who soon gave vent to their evil designs by insulting the Saints, not only by applying to them vile and wicked epithets, but also by pushing and beating them in many different ways.

Brother Christian J. Larsen and Hans Peter Jensen attempted to speak a little to the crowd and bear testimony to the word of God and the plan of salvation; but while they did so, the mob at intervals shouted, ridiculed and made the most hideous noises, only stopping now and then to listen to the speakers.

Giving up the idea of baptizing the three candidates, we at length left the place pushing our way through the immense crowd.

Some of us were violently pulled along the road, and, while subjected to insults and blows, brought into the town and up to the residence of the chief priest (Provsten), where we were asked to defend our case and prove what the speakers had said regarding the State Church: that it was not the Church of Christ.

Nothing was accomplished by this interview with the priests, though the correctness of our statement was made pretty plain by the acts of the State Church members who persecuted us.

"An hour or so later, an immense multitude gathered in the street (Slotsgaden) and outside of our meeting hall, partly as spectators and partly as a lawless mob, bent on further mischief;

and they soon commenced their acts of violence.

After using an abundance of toul language and crowding in and out through the rooms, several of the most desperate characters attacked a number of the brethren who were present, and

SCANDINA VIAN REMINISCENCES.

whipped and ill-treated them most unmercifully. Thus they trod on the neck of Brother Jens Thomsen; and I myself was subjected to severe beating, pushing and hair pulling;

in fact I was terribly beaten about the whole body.

While I was in their hands my mother-in-law came running to rescue me, followed by my wife, who was still weak after a confinement.

The mob not heeding the pleadings of the women, my wife at last sent a well-directed blow into 'the face of one of the principal mobbers.

This seemed to bring them to their senses a little, for the man who received the blow let go his hold on my person, which enabled me to tear loose from the rest and run into our sleeping apartment, together with my wife and several of the Saints.

Brother Thomsen also succeeded in getting loose and came running in great haste to us.

We now locked the door and pressed hard against it on the inside until the mob broke it.

My wife insisted that I should save myself by jumping out of the window;

but it seemed inconsistent for me to run away and leave my wife and little infant to their fate.

At last, however, I concluded that it was the best I could do under the circumstances, as it was evident that if I remained in the room I could neither defend myself nor the family.

Therefore, committing my dear ones to the protection of God, I leaped through a window out into the streets, and thence fled into a garden lying back of the house in which I lived.

There I secreted myself under the gooseberry bushes, and while lying there I could hear quite distinctly what was going on in the house.

My wife remained in the room for some time, unhurt by the mob;

but at length a couple of rocks were thrown in through the windows, and she then fled to the residence of Mr. Frandsen, a police officer.

"During the whole time that I remained in my hiding-place, I could hear the work of destruction going on, as the mob tore, splintered and broke windows, doors, tables, benches, kitchen utensils, etc.

They continued their depredations until past eleven o'clock at night, when a terrific storm accompanied by thunder and lightning put a stop to their wicked doings.

About the same time the troops were called out;

but they did not arrive on the scene till the work of destruction was completed;

a military guard was placed around the demolished building till daylight.

After everything had become quiet, I climbed over the board fence, between twelve and one o'clock at night, and to my great joy and satisfaction I found my wife and child safe at the house of Mr.

Frandsen.

"In the evening of the following day, the mobbers repeated their operations, by demolishing the private property of several of the Saints, among which was the house of Jens

Thomsen, on Gravensgade.

Thus the wicked raged for every night until the twenty-ninth, by which time nearly all the families of Saints in Aalborg and vicinity had been subjected to insults, annoyances and destruction of property to a greater or less extent.

During the persecutions the mob surrounded Elder Jensen's house in Norre Sundby for several successive nights, broke windows and doors, tore off the tile from the roof of his buildings, and in other respects damaged his property.

The last night of these attacks, Elder Jensen went out among the crowd, numbering between four and five hundred people which had surrounded his premises, and spoke to them.

They all remained reasonably quiet and listened while he addressed them; but as soon as he was through, they raised a great howl and decided to cast him into a deep sand pit situated on the premises; but with the assistance ot a friend he escaped this fate and got safely back into the house.

But the hostile attitude of the mob at last assumed such a character that it be-

25 2 S(: INDINA VIAN REMINISt 'EM ES.

came necessary for Brother Jensen to leave his home, in order to save his life, which was threatened repeatedly.

In the dead hours of night he traveled on foot, (running part of the way), twenty miles in five hours, to the town of Hals, where he again found himself surrounded by a mob led by several persons who recognized him.

By using a little strategy, however, and through the providence of the Almighty, he succeeded in getting on board the steamship which was just passing on its way from Aalborg to Copenhagen.

Even after getting into the little boat which was to take him from the wharf out to the vessel, the mob called out in angry tones from the shore commanding the boatmen to cast him overboard;

but as these found themselves enriched by a few extra silver coins (stuck into their hands by Brother Jensen) they heeded not the noisy rabble, but brought their passenger safely to the steamer, on boarding which he found his tried friend, Elder George P.

Dykes, who had come to Aalborg on another visit, but who had been compelled to take refuge on the steamer and depart from the city, without seeing the Saints.

Elder Dykes in describing this visit to Aalborg, returning from his trip to

England, writes:

"On the twenty-seventh of June (1851)1 landed in Hamburg, and proceeded immediately on my journey over land, and by traveling day and night I was enabled to reach the city of

Aalborg, my former field of labor;

but, indeed, too late to save the little flock from a very heavy blow.

The spirit of persecution had arisen, and the mob had assembled and broken the windows of the Saints'meeting house, and demolished all the furniture within;

and from thence, proceeding from house to house, they had broken the windows of nearly all the dwelling houses of the Saints in the city, while the civil authorities looked on with seeming- indifference.

"A few days after these things occurred I entered the city;

had not heard a word of them till I stood by the side of the house where

I had so often met with the Saints, and where I had preached the Word to sinners.

But I leave you to judge of my feelings, when, instead of meeting the joyful smiles of beloved Saints, I saw the windows and furniture of the house broken to pieces, and no Saints to welcome me there;

for they were not now privileged to appear in the streets without being grossly insulted and sometimes shamefully beaten.

"While I was thus pondering over these things, an officer approached and requested me to come immediately to the mayor's office, which I did, and that officer peremptorily told me I had better leave the city forthwith, as he would not promise me protection from the mob for one hour.

And as there was a steamer then at the wharf to sail that afternoon for Copenhagen I went on board.

But the mob, hearing that I was in the city, began to gather; some went to the mayor's office to find me, but he told them he had me in prison.

Others went to the ship, but the captain told them

I had left and gone up into the city;

and thus they were ranging about for me till the appointed hour for sailing, when I think there were more than a thousand people assembled on the beach.

I remained down in the cabin till we were fairly out of reach, when

I came up on deck to see the sight; and being thus delivered I gave God the glory.

Proceeding on our way we touched at Hals, where we took on Brother Hans Peter Jensen, the presiding Elder (of the Aalborg branch) he having been obliged to flee from home to save his life.

On the next day, July 1, 1851, we landed in Copenhagen, to the great joy of the Saints, as well as ourselves."

On the same day that Elders Dykes and Jensen arrived in Copenhagen.

Elder John E.

Forsgreen, who had

FRIENDSHIP.

temporary charge of the mission, wrote to Elder Erastus Snow, who was absent on a second visit to England, giving a full account of the mobbings in Aalborg.

The wisdom and good judgment of Elder Snow is exhibited in the answer which he under date ofJuly 11, 1 851, penned to Elder Forsgreen.

He writes:

"I sincerely sympathize with the Saints in Aalborg in their trials, and pray that the grace of God may be sufficient for them.

I doubt not that what they (the Elders) did, was done with the purest motive; and I have faith in God that He is able to overrule all for good in the end, and hope that it may contribute to arouse and combine the energies of the right-minded in favor of truth and freedom.

I hope the scenes growing out of the public baptism, and the imprudent sayings ot the brethren on that occasion, however painful the results, may serve as a lesson of wisdom and experience lor all Saints in that land henceforth.

"Where a cold indifference prevails, a little healthy excitement to arouse the public mind to investigation, may be profitable; provided it can be controlled, and the truth kept before the people.

But Denmark is not England, nor America.

Religious liberty is not grounded in the hearts of the (Danish) people; they are under the influence of their priests and attached to their religion; their feelings once outraged, the voice of reason and truth cannot be heard.

While a little fire kindled upon the hearth, in a cold day, is very convenient, all will admit the folly of firing the house, by which the inmates might be consumed or left houseless in mid-winter.

"Counsel the Saints in Aalborg to continue their little meetings for prayer and exhortation, if they can without excitement;

and if you can, you had better send an Elder not known there, to encourage and minister among them until

I come, which I trust will not be long."Soon after this Elder Peter O.

Hansen visited Aalborg for the purpose of comforting the persecuted Saints, and reorganizing the branch, which after Elder Jensen's departure, was left without a head.

Later on Elder Erastus Snow also visited Aalborg, on which occasion he sent the first missionary to Norway.

Though persecutions continued against the Saints in Aalborg and vicinity to a greater or less extent for years afterwards, the fullness of the Gospel spread from that city until branches of the Church, numbering hundreds of members, were organized in all the surrounding country.

The city of Aalborg soon became the headquarters of a large and prosperous conference which is still in existence and doing well;

though thousands of Latter-day Saints have emigrated from its various branches to the peaceful vales of the mountains.

Included in the Aalborg conference is the historical little Vendsyssel, the extreme north part of the province of Norre Jylland.

In all the nations of the earth, where the Gospel has been preached by the Latter-day Saint Elders, no tract of country has yielded a greater percentage of its inhabitants to the cause of truth than that particular part of the kingdom of Denmark which is designated on the old maps as Vendsyssel—otherwise embraced principally in that political division of the Cimbrian peninsula called Hjorring Amt.

Andrew Jenson.

FRIENDSHIP.

Friendship cannot be confined to great minds; people have their distinct ideas of it;

somebody to feel comfortable with, to rely upon, to be able to say what they like to you with a security of being understood;

who will hear ihem, perhaps help them, is what they want.

Thought is not a universal article of exchange—good-will and a sense of mutual fitness may refresh the soul at less cost,

HOPE.

and help it toward that love to the brethren which Christianity requires.

But friendship of this character breaks down if there is too much attempt to enforce its ideal claims and duties.

People must be content to leave a great deal unexplained and unaccounted for, to submit to many seeming slights, to be quiet under a good deal for which temper demands apologies.

Men cannot be compelled to friendship by a cocked pistol, says Sydney

Smith.

Nor must people use their wit at a crisis.

Long suffering and condoning are of the essence of all friendship.

As Cowper says, "The warmest heart only feels by fits, and is often as insensible as the coldest."

Nobody must wonder or take offense if he fall foul of one of these cold fits when he expected enthusiastic sympathy.

But none of these precautionary rules are meant to apply to the grand ideal friendship—to such we look up, but do not presume to dictate:

only of them one is disposed to say, as well fall out as to sink into placid indifference; death is the only dissolution of the tie we can admit.

Swift writes some forcible, strange, bitter things on the anguish that a friendship of this order can inflict:

"I am of opinion that there is not a greater folly than to contract too great and intimate a friendship, which must always leave the survivor miserable."Again:

"Believe me, that violent friendship is much more lasting, and as much engaging, as violent love.

There is not a greater folly than entering into too strict and violent a friendship."This, however, is spoken of his friendship with

Stella, written when he hears she is dying, and dares not return to Ireland:

"I would not for the universe be present at such a trial as seeing her depart."This sounds like a miserable selfishness, but yet betrays a real horror of deep feeling.

Swift's is a character on which one must not pronounce hastily.

How to Break off Bad Habits.—Understand the reason, and all the reasons, why the habit is injurious.

Study the subject until there is no lingering doubt in your mind.

Avoid the places, the persons, and the thoughts that lead to the temptation.

Frequent the places, associate with the persons, indulge in the thoughts that lead away from temptation.

Keep busy;

idleness is the strength of bad habits.

HOPE.

Hope is the soul's bright guiding star

That sparkles in the darkest night

And sheds her influence near and far

To give the 'wildered wand'rer light.

The past may have been scant of cheer,

The present may be fraught with woe

But hope doth make the future clear

As down the stream of life we go.

.

When sickness saddens hearth and home

Or death hath wrung the bosom's core

Hope hangs her lamp beyond the tomb

And bids us pine and grieve no more.

But faith and love and truth must be

The pivot where our hope should turn

And focus life, that we may see

The claims of duty bold and stern.

Hope, magic spark, from forge divine,

Emitted by misfortune's blow, What other gift from heaven like thine

Can heal our troubled thoughts below?

Along the burning sands of time,

On sorrow's deserts parched and dry

With cooling draughts of grace sublime

Thy limpid springs stand bubbling nigh.

We praise thy name, kind, loving God,

For all the gifts of earth and heav'n,

But of the gifts on man bestowed

No grander gift than hope is given.

/.

C.

FRIENDSHIP ETERNAL.

Were friendship but an earthly name

For puny sentiment of man, Doomed to perish and decay With the close of life's brief span,

I might hold thee then less dear

And all of friendship's claims forego;

Nor feel a pleasure in thy joy,

Nor sorrow in thy grief and woe.

But 'tis not so, 'tis heaven-born A passion too unselfish far In man to find its pristine home,

While struggling in a world of care.

It is a ray of God's pure love,

From courts on high to mortals given,

Which speaks of union evermore

That binds the hosts in yonder heaven.

Who shall say that ere we parted

From that home of spirit birth, Our hearts ne'er throbbed with those emotions That have thrilled them here on earth?

Who shall say that when life's ended,

All its passions then end too?

It is not so—in worlds eternal,

All life's ties we will renew.

Though we part, and even never

On this earth again we meet;

Yet I know the friendship given, Will e'en yet be made complete.

By earth's cares 'tis checked and stunted, But the germ will never die;

And we'll see its full fruition

If we've patience, by-and-by.

Then my friend, yea more, my brother,

Let us cherish that pure ray, That it may retain its lustre,

And yet shine in perfect day.

Be our hearts forever blended In the stream of love divine;

Let me feel that as thou'rt treasured, So thy friendship's ever mine.

M. E. P.

"FOR, AND IN BEHALF."Respectfully Inscribed to the Presidents of the L.

D.

S.

Temples.

The millions now behind the vail,

In bondage, tears and grief, Are waiting for these blessed words,

Of comfort and relief:

The words are truth and surety,

They mean no broken staff They're words of joyous liberty!

Yea, "For, and in behalf."Elijah's power to bind and seal.

By Heaven's decree gone forth The fathers'hearts are turning to

Their children now on earth.

And praying them with tearful eyes,

To strike their fetters off, And listening eager for the words;

Yea, "For, and in behalf."They're waiting, anxious waiting

For kindred here on earth, To give them in the Temple's font-

A new baptismal birth.

And shall we keep them waiting,

Thro'long and dreary years?

Not hear their earnest pleadings;

Their piteous prayers and tears?

They know that Christ Jehovah Hath crushed the serpent's head,

And wrought out full redemption,

For the living and the dead;

And shall we keep them waiting

Like some helpless, wretched waif?

Supplicating for the words "For you, and in behalf?"Oh, awful thought! when we go hence

Their work we've left undone Pangs of remorse will sting our hearts

The torment be our own.

We cannot look them in the face,

For their reproachful looks, Will point to blanks, we might have fillled

In Temple record books.

But when we've done their work complete.

Sanctioned by God above;

They'll fold us in a long embrace,

Shed gushing tears of love.

What rapture then will fill the soul No mortal tongue can tell The welcome plaudit from our Lord,

Well done, well done!

'tis well!

C. L. W.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, February, 1895.

ASSOCIATION WORK.

It is remarked that very many of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations lack method in their work.

They meet together at the appointed time, too frequently without any program, or if a program is arranged so few of the members are prepared to take the parts assigned them that the evenings are almost wasted.

The Associations, if properly conducted, can be made very instructive and beneficial to the members, but it is of the highest importance that all who are enrolled, or at least the greater part of them, should be deeply interested in the work in hand, and should follow methodically the plan marked out.

It was for the purpose of aiding those who lacked system themselves that the manuals have been prepared under the direction of the presidency of the Associations.

It is hoped that the young men will endeavor to follow the prepared courses which are, however, merely given suggestively, and not with the desire to confine the exercises to the special subjects mentioned.

It is rather hoped that the fertile minds of the young men will reach out in different directions and grasp all supplemental matter which it is possible to gather, bearing upon the subjects under consideration.

It is astonishing how much time and strength are saved by the adoption of method in study and labor.

This is apparent to every observant person.

One has only to notice the difference between the methodical man and one who works at random to be convinced of the great advantage of system in all things.

Indeed, it is one prominent element of greatness to be able to arrange one's business and studies so that no time is lost in performing the same.

Benjamin Franklin had the day divided up between his work and his study in such a manner that he seldom wasted a moment.

The result was that he could accomplish far more in a day than many of his cotemporaries who were more brilliant and more speedy than he, but were not so methodical.

It is said ot Tours, the wealthy New

Orleans ship owner, that "He was as methodical and regular as a clock, and his neighbors were in the habit of judging of the time of day by his movements."We do not advise any rules which will make a man a slave, but only recommend the adoption of plans for each day's work with a view to utilizing in the best possible manner the time which God has given us, and which too many of us are lavish and careless in spending.

What is beneficial to the individual in regard to order and system is equally useful to the Associations and to all kinds of meetings.

It is a recognition of this correct principle that prompts various bodies of men to have orders of business so that dispatch may characterize their proceedings.

We warn the Associations, however, against the adoption of any rules or order of proceedings which will prevent their utilizing the experience and wisdom of visitors who may be in attendance.

We heard of one Association which was visited by an Apostle—a man of great experience and learning, but the order of business was so rigidly followed that the brother, who had a great many things which he desired to say, was not allowed time to speak to the young men.

We think a mistake was committed in this instance.

Much better would it have been for the Association to have postponed the regular program and given the time, or so much of it as

DEPARTMENT OF INQUIRY.

was desired, to the visiting Apostle.

No doubt the instruction he would have imparted would have been far more beneficial than the exercises which were given.

This instance, however, does not make the advice any the less necessary to have method in the work of the Associations, and also for individuals to adopt a wise system for their own advancement.

OUR BIOGRAPHICAL ARTICLES.

We have heard some favorable comments from our numerous readers concerning the biographical articles under the general heading of "Shining Lights,"which are being published in this volume of the Contributor.

We are giving place to these articles in the hope that young men will be prompted by the experiences of some prominent men in our community, to be persevering and diligent in their labors and studies, and thus fulfill the high destiny to which they are appointed.

We do not expect to confine these sketches to members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, but desire to bring into use the biographies of prominent men not of our faith whose characters are of a high order.

We have already used the experiences of the Presidency of the Church.

They are distinct and peculiar, and will be of special encouragement to young Latter-day Saints.

We have in mind several other prominent brethren in the Church whose history we propose to briefly present to the readers of the Contributor.

We do not expect, however, to use the same in any regular order, but just as we are able to obtain them without regard to their stations in the community or the age of the subjects.

It will not be possible for us ever to present the biographies of all worthy men who live in this intermountain country.

There are many who are entitled to equal prominence with those whose experiences will be used, but we are endeavoring to obtain such a variety as will meet the wishes of and convey lessons of value to all our readers.

We will be pleased at any time to receive from our kind patrons any criticisms which they see fit to offer of articles published.

Such we will endeavor to receive in the proper spirit, and will use such suggestions, as are worthy of consideration, in future volumes of the magazine.

We again invite the young men, and in fact all our readers, to favor us with such articles for publication as they think will be of general interest to the readers of the magazine.

Any proper questions, too, the answers to which will be instructive to the general public, we will be pleased to publish in the paper.

Indeed, we desire to make the Contributor popular and instructive, and well worthy of its appointed sphere as the organ of the Mutual Improvement Associations of Zion.

DEPARTMENT OF INQUIRY.

A subscriber to the Contributor makes the following inquiry and preliminary statement:

"It was my privilege to listen to a very instructive lecture under the auspices of the Y.

M. M.

I. A.

of the Ninth Ward on the fifth of December by Elder B.

H.

Roberts, after which one of the members arose and moved that a vote of thanks be given to the speaker, which was duly seconded.

The President was in the act of putting the motion, when Brother R. stepped to his side and spoke about as follows:

'I know that you appreciate my effort, and if I have been the instrument in the hands of the Lord of doing any good

I am very glad of it, and let us give our thanks unto Him.'There is, I think, an inconsistency in the method we have in this matter, inasmuch as the one who is mouth in prayer asks the Lord to inspire him who shall

BOOK REVIEWS

address us on these occasions.

If the prayer is heard and answered, who shall be thanked?""A Subscriber."We believe we appreciate the feeling of Elder Roberts in making the statement he did.

Nevertheless, it is customary, and we think quite proper, for a vote of thanks to be tendered the person who lectures for the benefit of the Association.

It is true that all the praise for the success of an Elder in this Church is due the Lord, and He should receive the thanks of those who are benefitted, as well as of him or her who accomplishes the good.

We think, however, that a person who by any physical and mental exertion places himself in a position to be made the instrument for doing good, is worthy of thanks for having done so, and while we have no fault whatever to find with the position taken by Elder B.

H.

Roberts, we cannot feel otherwise than that he might properly have accepted the vote of thanks tendered him by the Association for the effort and the time which it had cost him personally to instruct and interest the audience which had assembled.

The Lord is pleased with the humility of His servants, and will bless abundantly those who place their trust in Him and render praise to Him for all the good they are able to perform.

PRINCIPLES OR ORDINANCES.

The following inquiry is made of us: "Are faith and repentance ordinances of the Gospel?"The definition of an ordinance as given by Webster is: "An established rite or ceremony.

The Century Dictionary gives the following:

"A religious ceremony, rite or practice, established by authority, as the ordinance of baptism.

The former author gives the definition of a principle to be: "A settled rule of action, a governing law of conduct, an opinion or belief which exercises a directing influence on the life or behavior, usually a right rule of conduct, correct opinion constantly directing one's actions."The latter authority says:

"That which is professed or accepted as a law of action or a rule of conduct;

one of the fundamental doctrines or tenets of a system."Measuring faith and repentance by these definitions, we must conclude that they are principles and not ordinances of the Gospel.

Indeed, the Presidency of the Church have viewed them in this light, and have consequently authorized a change in the fourth Article of Faith, which now reads: "We believe that these ordinances are:

First, Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ;

second, Repentance;

third, Baptism by immersion for the remission of sins;

fourth, Laying on of Hands for the gift of the

Holy Ghost,"to read as follows:

"We believe that the first principles and ordinances of the Gospel are:

First, Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ;

second, Repentance;

third, Baptism by immersion for the remission ot sins;

fourth, Laying on of Hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost."BOOK REVIEWS.

The Crusades—The Story of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem.

G.

P. Putnam's Sons, New York.

Price in full cloth, $1.50.

This excellent work forms one of that choice series of books which the enterprising publishers above named are issuing, entitled "The Story of the Nations."The history of the Crusades is replete with heroic incidents, acts of self-sacrifice, and zealous deeds, and these features have been presented in an interesting and instructive manner by the author ot the book now in hand.

A succinct yet complete narrative is given, which no person can read without obtaining a comprehensive idea of the very interesting period whose events the author has so happily described.

TEMPLE WORK.

A great many people who desire to do work for their dead kindred in the Temple hesitate about commencing because of the very few names and genealogies which they have been able to secure.

Thus, important labor of this kind is sometimes postponed, and in some instances never done, because of the death of the one who should have given it attention.

The counsel which has been generally given in this matter is for those who have procured even though it be only a few names of the dead, to commence the labor, and trust in the Lord to open the way whereby they may obtain further information concerning their ancestors.

There are many instances known to temple workers wherein lists of names have been wonderfully obtained by those who. have commenced with a very few.

One instance is that of a brother who while on a mission and in other ways had labored diligently to procure^the genealogies of his dead.

The result was that he only obtained the names of seven persons.

He hesitated about commencing his temple labor with so few, but finally decided, under the advice of the President of one of the Temples to begin.

Before he had completed the work lor these seven he received an impression or revelation as to where he could obtain other names.

This was through a genealogical agency in Europe.

He immediately wrote to the firm and was astonished shortly thereafter to receive from them a book containing an almost unbroken line of his kindred for several generations back, embracing the names of something over three thousand of his relatives.

Thus he was furnished employment for a long time to come.

In other ways does the Lord reveal valuable information concerning the dead to those who live in the flesh, that thereby the work for them may be completed in the Temples which have been erected for the benefit of the living as well as for the good of those who have passed away.

Sometimes names of dead and long forgotten friends or relatives are suggested to those who are working in the Temples.

Many illustrations of this experience might be mentioned, but they can be obtained from almost everyone who has worked any length of time in these holy structures.

The words of President Woodruff as contained in a lecture which he once delivered in the.

St.

George Temple are true, and have been verified in the experience of many people who have been engaged in this glorious labor of redeeming the dead.

He said:

"Our dead are near us on the other side of the vail.

The same blessings and ceremonies we here enjoy are found there.

When our Elders visit the spirits in prison they converse together there, just the same as we do here, and some ot them will say, 'Though I have no representative in the Church yet I have a friend there who would do the work for me and liberate me from this place if I could get word to to him.'This message is given to our ministering angel and he brings the word to us and whispers in our ear the name ofsomeone we have forgotten.

Thus they can communicate with us by a message being brought to us by some personage.

This testimony should encourage each individual who has work of this character to do to accomplish all that is now possible, and trust in the Lord for further help and light on matters concerning which he is unintormed.

The Lord does not give a full flood of light upon any subject in connection with this work, but to thost- who are faithful he gives sufficient knowledge for each day's labor, and that labor being faithfully performed the way will be opened for further instructions in required duties.

Merto.

M.

I. MANUAL, PART II.

liV Mil. ION H. HARDY AND GEORGE H.

BRIMHALL.

CHURCH HISTORY.

( Dispensation of the Fullness of

Times, continued. ) Lecture 16.

john taylor chosen president.

Subdivisions:—His calling and labors as president of the Twelve Apostles.—Sustaining of the Quorum of the Twelve at the forty-eighth semiannual conference, October, 1877, (a) by the priesthood of the Church;

(<£) by the lay members and officers.

—Organization of the First Presidency, (a) Persons;

(6) time;

(V) method of voting, first the Priesthood by quorums beginning with the quorum of the Twelve Apostles and ending with the Deacons, second the officers and lay members.

Reference, A Brief History of the Church, pp. 160-161.

Self- review:—

1.

What time elapsed between the death of President Young and the choosing of President John Taylor?

2. On whom rested the leadership of the Church during this interval?

3.

Describe the manner of sustaining the Quorum of the Twelve, October, 1877.

4- Who were chosen as President Taylor's counselors?

5. Why was President Taylor called the "Champion of Libertyf Lecture 17.

the year of jubilee.

Subdivisions:—The fiftieth anniversary of the organization of the Church.—President Taylor's suggestions (a) as to debts, (d) distributions of cows and sheep to the poor.

—The use of Relief Society wheat without interest.—The Pioneer Day prophecy of President Taylor.

Ref.

Brief History of the Church, pp.

161-163.

Self-review:—1. What is meant by a year of jubilee?

2.

In what year was the jubilee held?

3. What were the provisions of President Taylor's suggestions adopted at the April conference of 1880?—4.

In what way did the Relief Societies aid in the jubilee?

5.

Relate President Taylor's prophetic: remarks made at the pioneer celebration of Pioneer Day, 1880.

Lecture 18.

the edmunds-tucker agitation.

Subdivisions:—The Crusaders: (a) hateful or misled ministers;(b)hungry politicians seeking "the spoils and.emoluments of office;"clamor-led congressmen.—The Edmunds Law of 1882.—The Edmunds-Tucker Law of 1887.—Legalized persecution, packed juries, spies and special appropriations to persecute Mormons.

Ref, Brief History of the Church, pp.

163-165.

Self-reviezv:—1.

What is meant by the Edmunds-Tucker agitation?

2. What classes of persons were instrumental in bringing on this agitation?

3.

State the chief provisions of the Edmunds law of 1^82.

4.

Wherein was the Edmunds-Tucker Act of '87 supplemental to that of '82?

5. How many men were incarcerated in the penitentiary for refusing to promise to abandon their families?

AMERICAN HISTOR Y Lecture 21.

administration of presidents van buren, harrison and TYLER, 1837-1845.

Subdivisions:—Business failures.

Financial panic.

Stoppage of trade.—Distress among workmen.

Failures of States.

The Treasury Bill.—General Harrison the "hero of

Tippecanoe,"(a) his election as president;

(b) his death in office.

Vice-President Tyler becomes president.—The Ashburton treaty.—The electric telegraph.—The discovery of ether as an anesthetic.—Annexation of Texas.

Ref. Leading Facts, pp.

246-256.

M. I MANUAL, PART II Self-review—1. What were the three chief causes for the desperate state of affairs at this time?

2. What can you say of the government treasury and subtreasury system?

3.

How long did General Harrison serve his country as President?

4.

Explain the Ashburton treaty.

5.

Which new state was added to the union during Tyler's administration?

6. Name the principal events of the Harrison and Tyler administrations.

Lecture 22.

administration of presidents polk, taylor and fillmore.

1845-1853.

Subdivisions:—The Oregon question, {a) settlement;

(b) possession.

—The Mexican war, (a) cause;

(b) events;

(c) results.—California, (a) gold discovery;

(b) emigration.

The slavery question.—Division of the people.—The compromise.—The 'Fugitive-slave law.

'—The ''Higher Law."—Charles Sumner and Jefferson

Davis.

Ref.

Montgomery's Leading Facts of American History, pp. 256-269.

Self-review:—1. What were the leading events of Polk's administration?

2. What was the great question of the hour at the time of President Taylor's inauguration?

3. Name the three methods proposed for settling the difficulties of the nation at this time.

4. What was the result of the passage of the Fugitive-slave law?

5. What may be said to be the beginning of the contest that ended in the Civil War?

Lecture 23.

administration of presidents pierce and buchanan.

1853-1861.

Subdivisions:—The "World's Fair"at New York City.—American labor-saving machines.—Commodore Perry opens the ports of Japan.—The Kansas-Nebraska Act.

—The struggle for the possession of

Kansas.—The Dred Scott decision.

—-The business panic of 1857.—The administration's mistaken attitude toward Utah.—Silver discoveries of

Nevada.—Petroleum and natural gas found in Pennsylvania. --John Brown's raid.—The election of Lincoln.

Secession of South Carolina and six other states.—Summary from Washington to Buchanan, to 1861.

Ref, Montgomery, pp.

269-284.

Self-reviezv:—1.

What were the chief events of Pierce's administration?—2.

Describe the struggle for the possession of Kansas.

3. How is the Dred Scott decision related to the secession of states?

4. What is the chief value of petroleum and natural gas?

5. Give a general summary from Washington to Buchanan.

DOMESTIC SCIENCE.

LECTURE 16.

TESTS FOR, AND PURIFICATION OF WATER.

Subdivisions:—( 1 ) Color.—(2)'Clearness.—(3) Odor.—(4) Taste.

—(5) Presence or absence of chlorides.—(6) Presence of organic matter.—Boiling.—Distillation.—Filtration.—Chemical agents. Ref.,ch.

22.

Selfreview:—1. Whatare thechief chemical data on which to base an opinion as to the wholesomeness of any sample of water?

2. How would you examine a sample of water to ascertain its color?

3. Name the principal methods of artificially purifying water?

4.

Describe an ordinary domestic filter.

5. Name the principal chemical substances known to exert a purifying effect on water.

Lecture 17.

mineral waters and composition of pure water.

Subdivisions:—Sulphur waters.—

Carbonated waters.—Calcium waters.

—Chalybeate waters.—Alum waters.

—Siliceous waters.—Saline waters.—

Temperature of springs.—Medicinal effects.—Electrolysis of water.—Decomposition of water by hot iron.

Oxygen. -Hydrogen.—Synthesis and analysis ofwater.—Constancy of composition.

Ref., chs.

23, 24.

.1/.

/. MANUAL, PART //.

Self-review:—i. What is mineral water?

2.

Give a general classification of mineral waters.

3. What do you know of the average solid contents of the waters of the Great Salt

Lake?

4. Show the difference between a compound and a mixture.

5.

Explain the Drummond or calcium light.

Lecture 18.

food—its nature and use.

Sudd/visions.--Need of food. -Classification of foods.—Quantity of food.—Digestibility of food-stuffs.

—Source of food.—Essential conditions of food:

(a) solubility;

(b) palatability.—Mineral substances in the body: (#) water; (b) common salt; (c) lime; (d) iron;

(<?) sulphur;

(f) phosphorus, etc.

Ref.

chs.

25, 26.

Self-review:—1.

What is a food?

2.

Why is animal food in moderation necessary?

3. Show the necessity of the food materials we eat being in a soluble condition.

4. Name the principal mineral matters indispensable to the bodily growth.

5.

Give evidences of the ill effect of depriving the body of salt.

CIVIL GOVERNMENT.

Lecture 13.

impeachment.

Subdivisions—What an impeachment is.—The eight steps taken.

The trial court.—The mode of trial.

—Judgment in case of impeachment.

—Limitation of the power to impeach.—Grounds of impeachment.

The two-thirds vote.—Impeachment cases.—Impeachment in England.

Ref.

ch. v complete.

Self review:—1.

What legislative body has the sole power of impeachment?

2.

Give in their order the eight steps taken in the impeachment of Mr. Peck.

3.

Why would it not do to have the vice president preside at a court before which the president was being impeached?

4.

Why is the two-third vote provision a very wise one?

5. On what theory is the sovereign of England exempt from impeachment?

Lecture 14.

elections of senators and representatives.

Subdivisions:—The constitutional provision. Article I., Section 4, Clause 1.—State control.—The limit of State control.—National legislation.—Supervisors of elections.—Districting the states.—Election of senators.

The law of 1866.—The number of sessions.

Reference, Chapter VI.

complete.

Self-review:—1.

Recite the constitutional provisions for the election of senators and representatives.

2.

What were Hamilton's views in regard to the election of senators, and what power is reserved to Congress in regard to election of senators?

3. Wherein is the district plan, for electing representatives superior to that of the general ticket plan?

4.

Explain the appointment and duties of the supervisors of elections.

5.

Describe Gerrymandering.

Lecture 15.

powers of the separate houses.

Subdivisions:—Constitutional provisions:

(a) Article I, Section 5, clauses 1, 2, 3; (b) Section 4, clause 4.—The House Judges.—Contests in the house.—Quorums.—Counting a quorum.—Power to compel attendance.—Call of the House.—Making rules.—Rules of the house.—Punishments and expulsions.—Modes of voting.—Dilatory motions. -Adjournment.—Power to punish for contempt.

Ref, chapter vii, complete.

Self-review:—1.

Of what is each house of Congress sole judge?

2.

How is a vacancy in the House of Representatives filled when caused by the House declaring that neither of the contestants is elected?

3. What constitutes a quorum in either house of Congress.

4. How is attendance of members compelled?

5.

Explain the method of voting in the House.

AMBITION.

O friend, you tell me that you would your life A light that self-controlling beams on all,

A beacon in the darkness, that of strife

Makes peace and flickers least when in the hall Where right and wrong do clamor for the soul Of one poor brother missed—lost and alone

In misery;

a light whose waves will roll Into the webbed corners of men's lives

And gradually show how age from age derives

The best, the truest, which we name our own

For its deep worth; a light of purest gold,

That through the dreaming ages when long has mould Encircled you, will lead to greater purity

The truth seekers of vast futurity.

A noble wish.

But friend—yours the lighthouse sun

That guides the loaded vessel past the shoal

And through the breakers to the long-wished goal Of safely home.

With that its duty done;

And all men see and praise the light that brought

Them safe in harbor.

Are there not other lights More modest that might well engage your thought?

The glare of self, alas! too often blights What else were sweet.

Behold the sun at noon, In cloudless sky, its burning strength doth kill

But let it hide behind the downy cloud

Until we scarcely know it is, and feel the thrill Of life it gives the earth.

Beware, the proud Are ott impure.

Look to the 'arrowed ray That leads the student to the wells of truth

To him each beam that lights his struggling way

Points to the true brotherhood of men

And makes of him a better man.

Forsooth Make me the student's clearing light.

Again Turn to the widow's hut, and with the deep'ning night Peep in upon the orphan's cot where now The tallow light shines cheer into the mother's night As she bends o'er her softly sleeping babes

And breathes a prayer that God will her allow

To keep them.

Ah, seek thou the light that laves A mother's love.

What purer canst thou find!

Think, too, the candle's flickering point where lies The weary one of earth.

The dying eyes Close happily to see the dear one's face,

And blesses light that life may leave behind

One tender glance, one long-drawn look of love.

The deathbed's blessed light!

In rapid race Thou look'st but to the great things that above

Thee hangeth, and forgett'st the simply pure

And small.

The lighthouse will not e'er endure

O friend, and the cathedral's waxen light

Though soft and hidden from the praying thought Is stronger than a city's blaze, the might

Of war throws down the looming ages.

It lighteth up the hearts that bravely fought

The battle for the right which rages

Within each human breast.

The faintest star Is yet a sun to other worlds—so we,

As lights, may all be suns though from afar

The world looks on and says:

the darkest glow.

'Tis better, nobler, far, the cause to be

Of one glad life, though you alone may know,

Than glare in moral grandeur on the herd

Which loves you little;

fears you for your word.

/. Andy Gordon.

O MY FATHER.

IB m j -I tr-i—

O my Father, Thou that dwellest Fath er.

Thou that dwellest Arranged by E. Stephens.

-f-|—r-5-—(-- 7~r* *UJl In the high and glorious In the high and glorious L_p- \JL1v -* l V - 7-F l g -P—P-- ±E=tr my Father, Thou that dwellest In the high and glorious

MY FATHER

j hj ah—

I 3_£_3 I q >U C E-J—^,13 place!

When shall I regain Thy presence, And again behold Thy place! When shall I re gain Thy presence, And a- gain behold Thy t^.

i*» 1s 1.

1.

i*\ \ k—- n m&& place!

i P i V f—^r-*-L—

—* - •-*-»--!

F> g j p—1—aH -1——?—?-F r f l And again behold Thy u it l When shall I regain Thy presence,—b-fc h=»-l—*~r*f fr *-rr.—m H—T~''^ muc b——a—

m—«-U#i m- »-f-Bf mid—'—*-r*i » l jl| £ V_l » U >-^—w'-1 face?

In Thy ho ly hab i - tation, Did my spir it once reface?

In Thy ho-ly hab - i - tation, Did my spirit once re-.—

.

»=-—»=- r0—0——0—0 »-r#i r-J -*-*-»—2~~-^ S i iggli^gsEEg H^C V_L;:—g-fe=Fii:

»_9 a—

side?

side?

In my first pri me -val child -hood, In my first pri-me-val child-hood, ^j^a -H—

I 0—0——

Was Was »—?_-rt= m f t—S~q ->—L_«i- s J>P tured near Thy side?

near Thy side.

as rt»-r—r^^* -tor T£_ tz^=^=Erzz=?==ff±E=*f^*zB For a wise and glorious purpose

Thou hast placed me here on earth,

And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth.

Yet ofttimes a secret something

Whispered, "You're a stranger here;"

And I felt that I had wandered

From a more exalted sphere.

I had learned to call Thee Father,

Through Thy Spirit from on high;

But, until the Key of Knowledge

Was restored, I knew not why.

In the heavens, are parents single

No; the thought makes reason starel

Truth is reason; truth eternal

Tells me, I've a mother there.

When I leave this frail existence,

When I lay this mortal by, Father, Mother, may I meet you

In your royal courts on high?

Then, at length, when I've completed

All you sent me forth to do, With your mutual approbation Let me come and dwell with you.

Highest Honors-World's Fair.

Gold Medal-Midwinter Fair.

Baking Powder Used in Millions of Homes—40 Years the Standard.

A Pure Cream of Tartar Powder.

Superior to every other known.

Delicious Cake and Pastry, Light Flaky Biscuit, Griddle Cakes, Palatable and Wholesome.

No other baking powder does such work.

Dr. Price's Contains No Ammonia, No Aluin, or any other Adulterant.

BARLOW FERQUS0N, JOHN M. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

DANIEL HARRINGTON, CONSTITUTION BUILDING, Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

SAXT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of

Clothes, (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

JOflfl CAIWEflCIfl, FIRST -CLASS MADE TO ORDER.

Basement (tab:»at. Bank SALT LAKE CITY.

52 WEST, THiRJO SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY.

ai^itariu/T) THE SALT LAKE HOT SPRINGS SANITARrtTM CO., at 52 WEST, THIRD SOTJTH

ST., SALT LAKE CITY, has the Finest Baths In America, consisting of magnificent large Swimming Pools, Private Pools, and Fine Porcelain Bath Tabs.

The Sanitarium has conducted Its waters from its Hot Salt-Sulphur Springs north of the city, a distance of about 3 miles, Into the Tory heart of the city, and j has the greatest Bath and Swimming establishment

In the world, giving health and recreation to untold numbers of men and women.

It Is a SURE CURE for RHEUMATISM, INDIGESTION, LEAD POISON, DISEASES OF THE KIDNEYS, and similar diseases.

Dr. Henry O. Marcy, of Boston, one of the most renowned and successful physicians In America, on a recent visit to Salt Lake City, said: "You people do not realize what a grand thing yon have In year

Sanitarium.

I have visited all the famous European and American bath resorts, and can say that none of these waters excel the Sanitarium water for health-giving property.

It Is the finest bath I ever had."

All Utah citizens should see the Sanitarium, so that they can appreciate these wonderful

Baths.

You sire cordially invited to make a personal inspection of the place.

Attendants will be pleased to show the Sanitarium without charge.

Bachs, f&5 cents.

Towels and Suits washed at Troy Laundry.

.>•*.

A FELLOW FEELING FOR THE eveu^ WORLD.

lib-,,„/ THE- 'PRESSING-^ DESIRE OF EVERY eYGLIST.

isTorid^a TEMPLE:".

RALPH TEMPLE. CYCLE CO. 2208 MICHIGAN AV. CHICAGO

ALL WHO CULTIVATE FRUITS FLOWERS VEGETABLES For Pleasure or Profit, Should see that the Journal they subscribe to is the best and most reliable authority obtainable.

STANDS FOREMOST IN THE LIST.

It deals practically with fruits and vegetables, trees, shrubs and flowers, and covers the field of horticulture systematically and thoroughly.

It illustrates and describes methods of cultivation, improved varieties and labor - saving devices.

It is, without doubt, The Paperforthe People!

$1.00 a Tear (24 numbers).

Specimen copy and 50-page catalogue of horticultural boots FREE on application.

American Gardening, 170 Fulton St., N.Y.

1840-1892.

MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Years.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays i all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best I remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTY-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

NOW READY.

The Fourth Edition of the M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 1, is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid, 25 Cents.

Also Twelve Lessons for this year's work of M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 2.

Price per copy, postpaid, 15 Cents.

FOR SALE BY yi?e Contributor <?o., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, P. O. BOX 520 and by other Book Dealers.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency and

Officers of the Young Men's Hutua! Improvement

Association.

?KTENT,?

^CAVtAldJnflUt MARKSjW V COPYRIGHTS.^- CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT?

For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to

M IT N N & CO.* who have had nearly fifty years'experience in the patent business.

Communications strictly confidential. A Handbook of Information concerning Patents and how to obtain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechanical and scientific books sent free.

Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public without cost to the inventor.

This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. 83 a year.

Sample copies sent j rea.

Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year.

Single copies, *io cents.

Every number contains beautiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts.

Address MUNN & CO., New Yohk. 361 Broadway.

YOUNG 7V£HN Learn a Trade, and compete with the world.

Learn Typewriting and compete with Few.

The new ANVIL AND SHUTTLE HAMMOND is as good as any machine yet invented.

Not a few think it is better; The Contributor does.

So will you GET A CIRCULAR.

ROOM 424 CONSTITUTION BUILDING.

SUPPORT HOME INDUSTRY!

Goto ULTIXOU WQRKIi WOTS SHOE STORE, *\""-*\"mp7%k Where you can get a pair of Hand Sewed Snnes made fronj $3.00 up. First -class Repairing Hnlf Solins; and Heeling, 75c.

Work guaranteed.

ML. K. ST ANN, <>(»';, 13.2nd South 1840-1892.

MRS.

WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYFiUP has been used by Millions of Mothers for their children while Teething for over Fifty Year*.

It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, cures wind colic, and is the best remedy for diarrhoea.

TWENTY-FIVE CENTS A BOTTLE.

HSK YOUR GROCER TO GIVE YOU *G0LD BAND *?

FHAVOpIfiG EXTRACTS, BAiqflG POWDER, and SPICES, MANUFACTURED BY THOMSON & TAYLOR SPICE CO., Michigan Avenue, Cor* Lake Street, Chicago* NoPiner Goods in. any Market.

75SSE3TS Oi£E=R $49,000,000 HEBER J. GRANT & CO., Agents, salt lake city

W.S- WARREN, RESIDENT SECRETARY, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

DQake t)iinlii<todnnl.

Fori} Urn in Utah will ilo it POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tarter baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest U. S. Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 10« Wall Slreet, New York.

WOKIxD'JS PIC>Fei*IflL LIJSH.

UNION PACIFIC Unicn iH %mitk >&£igo*** G> G5 SYSTEM, The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars*^ Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver W. Mink E.ElleryAnderson Fred'k K. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, General MgT.

G.P.&T.A.

Mellin'sFood Children everywhere are the best advertisement of Mellill's

Food. I with their sound bodies, straight limbs, bright eyes, plump cheeks and fresh, radiant faces, they are the highest types of happy, healthy childhood, and the best evidence that Mellin's Food fulfills every requisite of a food for infants.

Our Book for the instruction of mothers sent free on applicatio?i.

¥ IH¥ If¥IHH If If IfH¥¥I¥I¥X¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ DOLIBER-GOODALE CO., BOSTON, MASS.

aaaaI fa jt jiaaaaaaa iia jiaaaaaa I ¥ fL W, & HUBBARD, 109 w, Second South gf

Salt Lake City, Utah