Advertise in The Contributor.

i CO o> CXoo CV1 beeso O o o to CO t/3 o OS Every Y.Jtt.JJ.I A. should have a set of Bound Contributor i

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JULY, 1896.

PAGE.

Salem Witchcraft.

Ill B. F. Cummings, Jr. 522 My First Mission. V.

—Francis M. Lyman. 528 The Dream.

II J.

S. 537 College Department543 Lines to a Friend in Trouble and Trial

Charles L. Walker. 548 John Stevens'Courtship.

A Tale ot the Buchanan War. X Homespun. 549 My College Days. IX Richard R. Lyman. 555 Napoleon Bonaparte Elijah Farr. 558 Went in his Uniform A Typical Case.

A Story of the Boom.

TheDogsof War Editorial: A Lesson in Thrift Immigration Restriction The Sandwich Islands Country and Mission. VIII

Marvin E. Pack. 580 h\MM WILFORD WOODRUFF, Pbmidkht.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cabhieb, Oldest and Larfeti SmVg lugs Bank in Utah, with Deposit* greater than all others combined.

DIKXCTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Preit.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Fr»9t.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Heber J.

Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Webber, H.

B. dawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, George M. Cannon, L. John Nuttall, We pay 5 per cent. Isr* terest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any Infer.

matton yon desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 3 4 MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.

RICHARD A. MCCURDY, PRESIDENT.

HAS PAID TO MEMBERS OVER $400,000,000.00.

HAS ON HAND OVER $220,000,000.00.

Writes Policies suited to the needs of persons in all circumstances.

For rates or information address or apply to

WILLIAM M. DOLLIVER, Dis. Manager for Utah, 55, 56, 57 COMMERCIAL BLOCK.'BALT LAKE CITY.

PROSPECTUS^ e Contributor.

4tou, 1895 "G..

We are pleased to announce the following as some of the leading features >i£ Volume Seventeen of The Contributor.

It is the determination to make this magazine occupy the front rank in our home literature^ and we trust this effort will find encouragement in the liberal patronage of the public

PRESIDENT JOSEPH P. SMITH wffl instruct and interest <wn readers with some articles descriptive of

Early Days in the Valley, which will contain reminiscences of his valuable though ofttdmes trying experiences as a boy and man in Utah.

My Hrst flission, will be the title of some articles from the pen of APOSTLE FRANCIS M. LYMAN, wherein he will give an account of his interesting experience of traveling "without purse or scrip,"and many marvelous incidents connected with his ministry abroad.

APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT will narrate in a series of illustrated articles the incidents of a Visit to the Moquis, made by himself and Apostlb Brigham Young.

These papers will portray in a reia^rkable manner the care and power of God which accompanied these Elders.

The customs of this Indian tribe will also receive attention.

Salem Witchcraft, A succinct historical account of this remarkable feature of New England colonial history;

theories and explanations of its phenomena, offered by leading writers; treatment of the subject from the standpoint of- a Latter-day Saint, by B. P. CUMMINGS, JK ELDER MARVIN E. PACK will prepare a series of illustrated and highly interesting papers on The Sandwich Islands Country and Hission.

These articles will give a brief historical account of this group of islands, review some of the customs of the people, and describe the past labors of our missionaries and the present condition of the latter-day work.

Twelve papers will be furnished by ELDER JAMES H WALLIS m

The Consistencies of Mormonism.

These will be most ably written, and are designed to furnish arguments in favor of the truth for our missionaries and tiio.se who are called to defend our religuiii.

My School Days iit Ann Arbor Will receive treatment by KLl)E& KIOHAKD K.

LYMAN Who recently graduated as a civil engineer from this noted Michigan school with high honbrB.

These articles will be Illustrated.

College Department The Latter-day Saints'College In Salt Lake City, will be represented by a department which will be supplied with essays and other articles from students and teachers.

These productions will represent, as far as possible, the actual work of the College and will pass through the hands of the Principal, who will see that everything used is of a high order.

The Musical Department Will be In charge of Professors JOHN J. MoCLEL"

LAN and WILLAKD DONE.

A graded series of musical compositions, original and selected, will be published, including solos, duets, quartettes and choruses chosen with special reference to their adaptability to M.I. A. work.

Home composers are earnestly invited to send their productions to the editors of this department.

M.

I. manual, Part III, By MILTON H HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL, committee on compilation.

M.

I. Work, Sick Headache Permanently Cured "I was troubled, a long time, with sick headache.

It was usually accompanied with severe pains in the temples and sickness at the stomach.

I tried a good many remedies /f*\3j!&> recommended for this complaint; but it was not until 1 began taking AVER'S Pills that I received anything like permanent benefit. A single box of these pills did the work for me, and I am now a well man."

C. H. Hutchings, East Auburn, Me.

For the rapid cure of Constipation, Dyspepsia,

Biliousness, Nausea, and all disorders of Stomach, Liver, and Bowels, take Cathartic Pills Medal and Diploma at World's Fair.

Ask your druggist (or Ayer's Sarsaparilla A series of articles on practical work in the Associations, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

The Study of Self, A series of articles by GEORGE H. BRIMHALL and MILTON H. HARDY.

Association intelligence In this department will appear all instructive or interesting matter pertaining to M. I. A. work, including answers to questions, reports, suggestions, etc.

We particularly invite all active workers in the Associations to assist by their literary contributions in making this department of prime importance.

The Eisteddfod Prize Male Quartette, For which The Contributor gave a $25.00 cash prize, will appear in this volume of the Magazine.

______^__——-.

John Stevens'Courtship, a Tale of the Buchanan War, is the title of a deeply interesting serial story which will be continued through the whole volume; its author is our versatile and talented friend

SUSA YOUNG GATES (Homespun); whose already published narratives have been of so'much interest.

Ideal flanhood:

Some Suggestions about it.

This will be the title of some articles containing valuable suggestions to our young men who have an ambition to do or be something in the world.

The author is a long resident of Utah, but desires his identity concealed and will consequently write under the nam de plume of SIMPLEX.

Sermons and Writings from the Prophets, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEO.

H. BRIMHALL.

Volume Seventeen will be beautifully illustrated with

Choice Original Engravings, representing scenes and incidents of great value to the progressive student.

Subscription Price, SS5J.OO per Year, Postpaid.

Address THE^ CONTRIBUTOR OO., P.O.Box 520.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

P.

.—Please remit by P.O.Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

THE CONTRIBUTOR

Vol.

XVII.

JULY, i No.

9.

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

in.

To this day a pathos attaches to the story of Rebecca Nurse, which makes it one of the saddest of the frightful witchcraft epidemic.

She was the daughter of William Towne, was born in England, and came to Salem village in her youth, where she married Francis Nurse.

They had eight children, all grown to maturity before 1692, and the family was as prosperous and highly respected as any in the place.

Rebecca Nurse, "was an intelligent, pious, devout woman, a veritable 'mother in Israel.'"

Her age was seventy-one years.

Thomas Putnam, father of the precocious Ann, and his brother Edward, accused her of bewitching the former's wife Ann, his daughter Ann, and the latter's companion, Abigail Williams.

At the examination, the proceedings were similar to those that had taken place in preceding cases, as above narrated.

She was committed in March to await indictment, and in the following June was tried.

Several of the afflicted girls and several adults were witnesses for the prosecution.

As a sample of the evidence offered, the following deposition by young Ann Putnam, who seems to have been the most prominent witness against nearly all of the accused persons, is given:

"I saw the apparition of Goody Nurse, and she did immediately afflict me,, but I did not know what her name was then, though I knew where she used to sit in our meeting house, but since that she hath grievously afflicted by biting, pinching and pricking me, and urging me to write in her book, and also on the fourth day of March, being the day of her examination, I was grievously tortured by her during the time of her examination, and also several times since, and also during the time of her examination I saw the apparition of Rebecca Nurse go and hurt the bodies of Mary Lewis, Mary Walcott, Elizabeth Hubbard and Abigail Williams."Two or three witnesses testified for the defense, and two women of a jury of three, appointed to examine the body of the defendant for ''witchmarks,"reported that the only mark that could be so called was from natural causes, though the third juror declared it a "witch-mark."Some of the witnesses impeached the accusing girls by testifying that the latter had said it was some other person than Goody Nurse that had afflicted them.

This appears to have been the first instance in which a person charged with witchcraft had friends who possessed the sense, courage and knowledge necessary to enable them to offer effective evidence for the defense, and the trial jury brought in a verdict of not guilty.

On the announcement of the verdict, the accusing witnesses reiterated their accusations and were seized with violent fits.

They rolled

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

and tumbled about and created a great uproar in the crowded court room.

Thereupon the presiding judge told the jury they had not properly considered the evidence, and called attention to certain words uttered by the defendant, the obvious meaning of which he distbrted into a confession of guilt.

In vain the defendant tried to explain the true meaning of her words, and denied that she intended them as a confession.

The jury brought in a verdict of guilty, and Rebecca Nurse was sentenced to be hanged.

The governor, however, granted a reprieve, whereupon the First church in Salem, of which she was a member, by solemn and unanimous vote, excommunicated her.

The witnesses against her renewed their accusations, and the governor was importuned to withdraw the reprieve, which he did, and she was immediately hanged.

The case of Rev.

George Burroughs was, in the character of the evidence, one of the most extraordinary of all that were tried.

He had formerly occupied the pulpit in Salem

Village, and had had some differences with a portion of the congregation there.

For some years after leaving the pulpit there he had lived in Casco, now Portland, Maine, eighty miles from Salem, and for about a year prior to his arrest he had been a settled minister in the village of Wells, Maine, about one hundred miles from Salem.

He was a graduate of Harvard.

The girls who were so prominent in the prosecutions, were also his accusers.

He had buried two wives and was living with his third when arrested.

Ann Putnam testified that the spectres of Burroughs and his two dead wives had appeared to her, all together;

that the two wives had accused him of having been cruel to them, whereupon he fled;

that after his departure the women told the witness that he had murdered them.

The manner of their taking off was described.

Mercy Lewis, another of the remarkable girl witnesses, testified that on a certain night, Burroughs took her up into a high mountain and showed her "all the kingdoms of the earth and told me that he would give them all to me if I would write in his book, and if I would not he would throw me down and break my neck."

She testified that she told him she would not write in his book if he threw her down on "one hundred pitchforks."The testimony which seems to have weighed most against Burroughs was that which described remarkable feats of physical strength said to have been performed by him.

Witnesses claimed to have seen him take a heavy gun in one hand, and, grasping the stock, hold it in a horizontal position.

Others said they had seen him lift a barrel of cider, a barrel of molasses, etc., which a man of ordinary strength could not have handled.

The presumption was that he was aided by an infernal power, whereas the simple fact was he was a man of rare muscular development and dexterity.

A man named Hutchinson testified that he met Abigail Williams, one of the accusing girls, in Salem Village one day in the forenoon.

Burroughs was then in Maine, a hundred miles away.

The girl told Hutchinson that she could then see Burroughs.

Hutchinson asked where, and the girl said "there,"and pointed to a rut in the road near where they were standing.

Hutchinson threw an iron fork towards the spot where the girl said she saw Burroughs, and she immediately fell in a fit.

Following is an extract from the court record of Hutchinson's testimony:

"Coming out [of the fit] she said, 'You have torn his coat, for I heard it tear.''Whereabouts?'said I.

'On one side,'said she.

Then we went to the house of Lieut. Ingersoll, and I went into a great room and Abigail came in and said, 'There he stands.'I said, 'Where?

where?'

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

and presently drew my rapier. Then

Abigail said, 'He is gone but there is a gray cat.

Then I said, 'Whereabouts?''There,'said she, 'there.'Then I struck with my rapier, and she fell into a fit, and when it was over she said, 'You killed her.'I told her I could not see the cat, and she said the spectre of Sarah Good had come and carried the dead cat away.

There was much more evidence of a similar kind, but enough has already been quoted to surfeit the reader.

The only reason for reproducing so much of the testimony that was given at the witch trials is to portray fully the state of mind the people were in, the manner in which the imaginations of witnesses were wrought upon, and the fanaticism of magistrates and juries who convicted persons on such testimony.

Burroughs was convicted and hanged.

Calef says of his execution:

"He was 'carried in a cart with the others through the streets of Salem to execution.

When he was upon the ladder he made a speech for the clearing of his innocency with such solemn and serious expressions as were to the admiration of all present.

His prayer, which he concluded by repeating the Lord's prayer, so well worded and uttered with such composedness and such (at least seeming) fervency of spirit, as was very affecting, and drew tears from many, so that it seemed to some that the spectators would hinder the execution.

The accusers said the black man stood and dictated to him.

As soon as he was turned off, Mr. Cotton

Mather, being mounted upon a horse, addressed himself to the people, partly to declare that he (Burroughs) was no ordained minister, and partly to possess the people of his guilt, saying that the devil had often been transformed into an angel of light;

and this somewhat appeased the people and the execution went on.

When he was cut down he was dragged by the halter to a hole, or grave, between the rocks, about two feet deep, his shirt and breeches being pulled off, and an old pair of trousers of one executed put on his lower parts.

He was so put in together with Willard and Carrier that one of his hands and his chin, and a foot of one of them, were left uncovered.

Several other persons, whose trials have not been mentioned in the foregoing account, were executed at the same time.

Two of them, John Willard and Martha Carrier, according to Calef s statement, were buried in the same shallow grave with

Burroughs.

Only a brief account of the experiences of the Jacobs family can here be given, but the details are sad and thrilling.

George Jacobs, Sr.

, aged about seventy years; George Jacobs,

Jr., aged about forty-five years;

the latter's wife Rebecca, and their daughter Margaret, the last named being a young woman, were all accused.

George Jacobs, Jr., made his escape, but the other three were arrested.

Rebecca had four young children, two or three of whom followed her some distance along the road as the officers dragged her from her home to prison.

But the little ones could not go far, and were left in the road, utterly forlorn.

Some neighbors at length cared for them.

After being confined in prison eight months, Rebecca was released.

Margaret confessed being a witch, and also testified against her grandfather, who was hanged.

What her testimony against him was, or how much it had to do with his conviction, does not appear.

She seems, like Peter, to have yielded in a moment of weakness, but afterward to have sincerely repented, offering her own life a sacrifice.

On the day after the execution of her grandfather she wrote the following letter to her father:

"Honored father—After my humble duty remembered to you, hoping

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

the Lord of your good health, as blessed be God enjoy, though in abundance of affliction, being close confined here in a loathsome dungeon, the Lord look down in mercy upon me, not knowing how soon I shall be put to death, by means of the afflicted persons.

My grandfather having suffered already and all his estate seized for the king.

The reason of my confinement is this, I having, through the magistrate's threatenings, and my own vile and wretched heart, confessed several things contrary to my own conscience and knowledge, though to the woundino of my own soul, the Lord pardon me for it.

But O, the terrors of a wounded conscience, who can bear?

But blessed be the Lord, he would not let me go on in my sins, but in mercy, I hope, to my soul, would not suffer me to keep it any longer, but I was forced to confess the truth before the magistrates, who would not believe me, but 'tis their pleasure to put me here, and God knows how soon I shall be put to death.

Dear father, let me beg your prayers to the Lord in my behalf, and send us a joyful and happy meeting in Heaven.

My mother, poor woman, is very crazy, and remembers her kind love to you and to uncle.

So leaving you to the protection of the Lord, I rest your dutiful daughter, Margaret Jacobs.

"From the dungeon in Salem prison,

Aug.

20, 1692."At the next session of court, Margeret Jacobs made a confession, as follows, denying her former one:

"The Lord above knows I know nothing in the least measure, how or who afflicted them, they told me without doubt I did, or else they would not fall down at me, they told me if I would not confess I should be put down into the dungeon and would be hanged, but if I would confess I should have my life.

The which did so affright me with my own vile, wicked heart, to save my life made me make the like confession I did, which confession, may it please the honored court, is altogether false and untrue.

Whatever I said was altogether false against my grandfather and Mr. Burroughs, which

I did to save my life and have my liberty, but the Lord, charging it to my conscience made me in so much horror that I could not contain myself before I had denied the confession, which I did, though I saw nothing but death before me, choosing rather death with a quiet conscience than to live in such horror, which I could not suffer.

Whereupon my denying my confession I was committed to close prison.

She further petitioned the court to have compassion on her young and tender years, she "having no friend but the Lord to plead her cause."Beyond doubt she would have suffered death had she not been suffering from a ''disorder of the head'at the time set for her trial, necessitating a postponement.

The poor girl had undergone enough to drive her insane.

Pending her recovery, the infernal spell under which the community labored, was broken, and she was set free.

Details of other cases cannot be given for lack of space.

There were many others characterized by features as pathetic, shocking, barbarous and amazing as any that have been described.

From the first week in March till about the close of the year, the delirium into which the entire colony had been plunged, continued.

No one was safe.

Parents were not secure from the accusations of their own children;

and a loving wife might at any moment become the object of the most horrible suspicion on the part of a pious and intelligent husband.

The very foundations of human society were broken up as if by a volcanic eruption, and an orgy of horror prevailed, in

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

which the most ferocious fiends of the nether regions might well have reveled.

Nineteen persons had been hanged and one had been pressed to death;

probably two score had been convicted and were awaiting execution, fifty-five persons had obtained immunity by confessing, and about one hundred and fifty were in prison awaiting trial, when reason resumed her throne and began again to hold sway.

The wife of Rev. John Hale, pastor of the church in Beverly, a village adjoining Salem, had been for years almost idolized in the community.

She was of a sweet and gentle nature, of pure and sincere piety, and a model and a leader in works of love and charity. No man, woman or child in the entire colony could stand farther removed from all suspicion of evil than she.

Yet this sainted woman was accused, by the afflicted children, of being a witch The result is best told in the eloquent language of Rev. Upham "But that which finally overthrew their power and broke the spell by which they had held the minds of the whole colony in bondage, was their accusation of Mrs. Hale, wife of the minister of the first church in Beverly.

Her genuine and distinguished virtues had won for her a reputation, and secured in the hearts of the people a confidence, which superstition itself could not sully nor shake.

Mr.

Hale had been active in all the previous proceedings; but he knew the innocence and piety of his wife, and he stood forth between her and the storm he had helped to raise.

Although he had driven it on while others were its victims, he turned and resisted it when it burst upon his own dwelling.

In crying out upon Mrs. Hale, the whole community was convinced that the accusers had perjured themselves, and from that moment their power was destroyed; the awful delusion ceased;

the curtain fell, and a close was put to one of the most tremendous tragedies in the history of real life.

The wildest storm that ever raged, perhaps, in the moral world, instantly became calm;

the tide that had threatened to overwhelm everything in its fury, sank back in a moment to its peaceful bed.

There are few, if any other instances in history, of a revolution of opinion and feeling so sudden, so rapid and so complete.

The images and visions that had possessed the bewildered imaginations of the people, flitted away, and left them standing in the clear sunshine of reason and in their senses."The chief movers in the witchcraft prosecutions, outside of about a dozen girls, whose ages ranged from nine to twenty years, were the ministers.

Their efforts kept up the excitement, and their teachings intensified the prevailing fanaticism. When the wife of one of the most prominent ministers in the colony was accused, and she a woman of the character and standing of Mrs. Hale, a sober second thought was suggested, and that was all that was needed.

Rev.

Mr. Hale knew his wife was innocent, and his brother ministers could not believe otherwise, and the situation this fact placed them in confronted them with the horrible possibility that they had been mistaken in respect to others who had been executed, and still others who were awaiting execution.

As Rev.

Upham, quoted above, says, "the revulsion of feeling was complete."Ministers, magistrates and people united in a common desire to cease prosecutions for witchcraft, and the Governor of the colony accomplished a general jail delivery by summarily pardoning all prisoners confined on such charges, convicted or unconvicted, the accusers meanwhile remaining silent.

With returning reason came remorse.

Some pecuniary compensation was made to the heirs of at least-

SALEM WITCIICRAF'l.

some of those who had been executed, and to a portion of those who had been imprisoned, though the poverty of the people made adequate relief in this direction impossible.

But no payments of money in their power to make, could relieve the consciences of many of the leading actors in the tragedy which had so abruptly and strangely closed, and the efforts some of them made to signify their sorrow for what they had done, are not the least affecting features of the dreadful affair.

Judge Samuel Sewall, a man of high character and superior learning and ability, united with sincere piety, presided over a court before which many persons were convicted, some of whom were executed.

On the general fast day, 1697, after four years of reflection and suffering from a disturbed conscience, he caused to be read from the pulpit a humble and sincere confession of the wrongful part he had taken, imploring the forgiveness of God, and of all whom he had aggrieved.

During the remainder of his life, in token of his sorrow and repentance, he observed annually a day of private fasting and prayer.

Other ministers and public officers expressed similar regrets, and the sentiment which prevailed in the community for many years after its return to its sober senses is well expressed in the following document:

"We, whose names are underwritten, being in the year called to serve as jurors in Salem, on trial of many who were by some suspected guilty of doing acts of witchcraft upon the bodies of sundry persons, we confess that we ourselves were not capable to understand, nor able to withstand, the mysterious delusions of the powers of darkness, and prince of the air; but for want of knowledge in ourselves, and better information from others, prevailed with to take up with such evidence against the accused, as, on further consideration and better information, we justly fear was insufficient for the touching of the lives of any, (Deut.

xvii. 6), whereby we fear, we have been instrumental, with others, though ignorantly and unwittingly, to bring upon ourselves and this people of the Lord, the guilt of innocent blood; which sin, the Lord saith in scripture, He would not pardon, (2 Kings, xxiv.

4), that is, we suppose, in regard to his temporal judgments. We do, therefore, hereby signify to all in general, (and to the surviving sufferers in special), our deep sense of, and sorrow for, our errors, and acting in such evidence to the condemning of any person;

and do hereby declare, that we justly fear that we were sadly deluded and mistaken;

for which we are much disquieted and distressed in our minds; and do therefore humbly beg forgiveness, first of God, for Christ's sake, for this our error;

and pray that God would not impute the guilt of it, to ourselves, nor others; and we also pray that we may be considered candidly, and aright by the living sufferers, as being then under the power of a strong and general delusion, utterly unacquainted with, and not experienced in, matters of that nature.

"We do heartily ask forgiveness of you all, whom we have justly offended, and do declare according to our present minds, we would none of us do such things again, on such grounds, for the whole world;

praying you to accept of this, in way of satisfaction for our offense, and that you would bless the inheritance of the Lord, that He may be intreated for the land."The signatures of the twelve jurors are appended to the foregoing.

Even Ann Putnam, the twelve-yearold girl, who had perhaps done more than any other single person to bring about the tragic scenes of the witchcraft delusion, lived to bitterly repent of her part in it.

Beyond doubt

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

an odium attached to her in the estimation of the community, and when she reached maturity she seems to have felt it keenly.

In the year 1706, when she was twenty-six years old, she caused the following confession to be read from the pulpit:

"I desire to be humbled before God for that sad and humbling providence that befell my father's family in the year about 1692; that I, then being in my childhood, should by such a providence of God, be made an instrument for the accusing of several persons of a grievous crime, whereby their lives were taken from them, whom now I have just grounds and good reason to believe they were innocent persons; and that this was a great delusion of Satan that deceived me at that sad time, whereby

I justly fear I have been instrumental, with others, though ignorantly and unwittingly, to bring upon myself and this land the guilt of innocent blood; though what was said or done by me against any person I can truly and uprightly say before God and man, I did it not out of any anger, malice or ill will to any person, for I had no such thing against one of them, but what I did was ignorantly, being deluded by Satan.

And particularly, as I was a chief instrument of accusing goodwife Nurse and her two sisters,

I desire to lie in the dust, and to be humbled for it, in that I was a cause, with others, of so sad a calamity to them and their families;

for which cause I desire to lie in the dust, and earnestly beg forgiveness of God, and from all those unto whom I have given just cause of sorrow and offense, whose relations were taken away or accused."Several of those who were executed, among whom were Sarah Good and Rebecca Nurse, prior to their taking off, were excommunicated from the church of which they were members, a punishment regarded as even worse than death.

But when the realization of the injustice done to them had become fixed in the minds of the people, the vote of excommunication was expunged from the church records.

It should be distinctly understood that the repentance which many prominent persons and the people generally felt and expressed, did not involve an abandonment of a belief in the existence of witchcraft.

They still retained that belief, only they had become convinced that the evidence on which persons had been accused was utterly insufficient and deceptive.

Much discussion occurred, especially among judges, lawyers and ministers, as to whether "spectral evidence"should be admitted in witchcraft trials;

that is, whether witnesses should be allowed to testify that they were afflicted by the "apparitions"of the accused persons.

On one side it was urged that an evil spirit, or the apparition of a witch, had power to assume the outward likeness of a righteous person, and was very likely so to do, when engaged in the nefarious pursuit of the black art.

On the other hand it was urged that to exclude spectral evidence would render conviction impossible, for the reason that witches generally did their wicked work by means ot their apparitions. But the question was entirely too deep and difficult for solution by the wisdom of the age, and it gradually ceased to be discussed.

A few prosecutions for witchcraft occurred in New England after the Salem epidemic had been followed by such a revulsion of feeling, but no more executions took place, nor has the present writer found an authentic account of any conviction.

The New Englanders had been taught a lesson which they did not forget, and the laws against witchcraft became obsolete or were repealed.

The terrible lesson to the people

MY FIRST MISSION.

of Salem and vicinity bore good fruit in England and Scotland, in which countries, statutes against witchcraft were repealed early in the eighteenth century, while superstition received a marked check throughout the civilized world.

B. F. dimmings, Jr.

MY FIRST MISSION.

v.

My labors in the Essex conference, with Elders Edwin Scott and John Bennett, were very interesting and fruitful of good in every way.

Quite a satisfactory number were baptized, and most of the financial embarrassments were cancelled.

Some twenty-five persons obtained means enough to gather to Zion.

The change to me, from the great city of London to the beautiful country fields and parks of Essex, was a welcome one indeed.

I had long walks between villages, and plenty of them.

They were tiresome and sometimes lonesome.

They were always seasons of rich inspiration and communion with the Holy Spirit.

The whole-souled welcome received from the poor, scattered Saints, and the hours and days spent in social council with them, are never to be forgotten.

When I look over my journal and my memory is refreshed by reading over the names of those good souls who ministered to our necessities at the expense of their own, I do almost involuntarily say, "Oh, my Father in Heaven, bless them and their posterity after them forever."Though the Saints in this conference were less in number, more scattered, and often poorer than our good and devoted friends in the London conference, the same sweet and generous spirit of the Gospel bubbled up in their hearts as it did in the hearts of the London Saints.

If I could reasonably do so, I would delight to list the names of those who so generously fed, lodged, clothed and gave us money.

All I subsisted upon or consumed in any manner, was given me by the Saints.

I had not a penny of my own, nor respectable clothes.

They supported me entirely.

All were generous.

There was one family in London that I would refer to, without mentioning the name, who were lavish in their generosity to the Elders.

If the eyes of the giver, or of those who were benefitted, rest on these lines, they will readily recognize who is referred to.

I know my brethren will say amen, when I say for us all: may the choice blessings of heaven be now and forever upon that family, throughout all generations.

The emigration in 1862 was large.

Every effort possible was made throughout the mission to swell the tide of emigration, and success generally crowned the efforts.

My labors in Essex were brief, but delightful.

In fact I was happy all the way through my first mission.

I seemed to meet no hardships.

My health was always good.

The examples of my seniors were always good and staid.

They were circumspect.

They never indulged in playfulness with women or girls.

They did not undertake to wait on women of any age, nor romp with them.

They did not allow women to wash their necks or their feet, or comb their hair.

Their rule was not to accept presents from women.

They carefully avoided the appearance of evil.

They seemed to feel that if they allowed no liberties and took none with women, they would escape all sexual dangers.

It has sometimes occurred with Elders, that they have fallen in sexual sin and have returned home, if at all, with a

MY FIRST MISSION.

fallen countenance.

That is a punishment no son of God should ever bring upon himself.

It is the death blight, from which resurrection is doubtful.

To the examples of such men as the Apostles, who presided at that time, and to Elders John Cook, John

Brown and William C.

Staines, I owe much of the moderate success I met with in that mission.

There were frequent baptisms in the fields where I labored, though I did none.

How much I did to bring the Gospel convincingly to the souls of men, I know not.

I conclude that by giving all the credit to the Lord,

I shall make no mistake.

In the latter part of April, I received my release to return home that season of 1862.

I had made my farewell visit to all the branches in.

Essex, and spent a few days in London, having left Essex in the care of Elder John Bennett.

On the third day of May I traveled to Liverpool from London with the company of Saints who were to emigrate with the packet ship, Manchester.

On the fifth of May, President George Q. Cannon received a telegraphic dispatch from President Brigham Young, requiring him to "join Senator Hooper, in Washington, May 25th, and to retain charge of the office."It was a shock to all of the brethren, but was particularly so to President Cannon himself.

Elder Jacob G.

Bigler was appointed to preside in the mission during

President Cannon's absence, which was only to be for a short time.

On the 6th of May the ship Manchester, laden with three hundred and seventy-six souls, under the presidency of Elders J. D. T. McAllister, Samuel L. Adams and Mark

Barnes, moved out for New York.

In the evening of that day there was a social gathering at 42 Islington, of the following brethren: Amasa

M. Lyman, Charles C. Rich, George

Q. Cannon, John M.

Kay, Geo.

J.

Taylor, W.

G.

Mills, Warren S.

Snow, Wm.

Bramall, Edward L.

Sloan, Eugene Henriod, Joseph Bull, David M.

Stuart, Wm.

C.

Staines, Robert R.

Anderson and Francis M. Lyman.

The question brought before us by

President Cannon, upon which every one present gave his views, was:

"Will Utah, or Deseret, be admitted into the Union as a State?"In order that the younger ones should not be influenced by the older ones, it was decided the youngest in the circle should speak first.

It fell to my lot to speak first.

I took strong ground in favor of the admission of Utah into the Union as the right and proper thing to be, and that would be.

President Cannon and Wm. G.

Mills took the same view of the subject.

The others, twelve in number, took the opposite view and did not believe in admission.

From that hour I was always a firm believer in, and advocate of, admission, until January 4th, 1896, when that faith ripened into knowledge.

Our stay in Liverpool in company with Elders from all parts of the mission, was a very pleasurable change from our usual routine in our fields of labor.

A splendid conference was held in Liverpool on Sunday, the nth, when rich instructions were freely given by the Apostles.

On Tuesday, May 13th, 1862, we fin J ished berthing the eight hundred and seven souls of the Saints on board the packet ship William Tapscott, Captain Bell.

At p. m., the Presidency of the mission came on board, instructed us freely, and organized us under the presidency of William Gibson, with Elders John Clark and

Francis M. Lyman as his counselors.

There were other valley Elders in our company—Thomas C.

Stayner and wife, Samuel Hargraves, and William Dallin.

Also native Elders, who had done a good work as Presidents or traveling Elders, in various conferences; Thomas Liez, Thomas

53o MY FIRST MISSION..

W.

Rees, Israel Bale, Charles R.

Jones, William Shires, Joseph R.

Morgan and Henry Whittall.

It takes considerable work to locate and settle on a ship eight hundred souls for a sea voyage of six weeks, as ours proved to be.

No people in the world are so good to handle and so willingly submit to wholesome discipline as the Latterday Saints.

At ii a.

m., Wednesday, May 14th, 1862, we weighed anchor and were led out to sea by a steam tug.

About noon the steamship Ka?igaroo steamed by us with Presidents Lyman, Rich and Cannon, and

Elders John Van Cott, Win. H. Dame and

Geo.

J.

Taylor on board for New York.

The first afternoon out the brethren were called together and our company was divided into nineteen wards.

The following brethren were appointed to preside over them: Henry Whittall, Chas.

R.

Jones, J.

R.

Morgan, Wm.

Dallin, Israel Bale, Samuel Hargraves, J. H. Harrison, J. Huntington, W. Price, W. Woodhead, Wm. Probest, S.

Brooksbank G. Pope, Thos.

Memmott, J.

Hibboot, J. Godfrey, T. W.

Rees, W.

Cooper, and C.

C. Foster;

captain of the guard, Thomas Liez.

Various arrangements were then entered into for the proper regulation and comfort of the Saints in the different wards.

The more important items were as follows:

Each ward president to keep a list of the names of all under his charge, whose comfort and well being he should make it his special business to promote.

Prayers in each ward every morning at o'clock, and every evening at 8.

Whatever article may be lost or found by any of the emigrants on board, the same to be reported to the president of their respective wards, who will take measures to restore it to the owner, if possible.

No private lights to be allowed below deck, except by special permission of the captain.

The emigrants of each ward to arrange their cooking, etc., together, in rotation, instead of indiscriminately.

The president of each ward to keep a judicious check upon the conduct of all emigrants under his watchcare, etc.

When we had brought a score of men in positions to shoulder up a share of the load, we seemed, for the first time, to breathe freely.

Those men all proved to be capable and earnest workers.

At p. m.

the steam tug left us to work our own way through winds, waves and calms.

President Gibson and his brethren kept ever a supervisory care over all the company's affairs, ever ready to assist with advice or otherwise.

Our beginning seemed all that could be asked.

At the close of our first day we surveyed all our works and pronounced them good.

Israel Bale and Emma Goddard were married on ship-board, by President Gibson.

The second day out two stowaways materialized and were soon set to work scrubbing the deck, for passage and provisions.

That terrible contagious seasickness was found raging among us on the second day out, although we had successfully passed the health officers.

I came down with it as soon as possible.

I had the violent form.

It would engage me in a set-to from once to five times every day.

I was quite indifferent to all that passed around me.

We found it necessary to insist on rules of cleanliness being observed.

Also the sounding of the bugle at a.

m., when all must their health permitting—come out into fresh air.

After prayers, at p.

m., no female was allowed on deck.

The first week passed with some misfortunes.

Captain Bell fell on deck and broke a rib.

Brother Hargraves also fell and hurt himself, quite seriously.

Seasickness all the rage.

The physician can't do anything to prevent or cure seasickness.

On the twenty-fourth of May, in spite of seasickness, President Gib-

MY FIRST MISSION

53 1 son married three couples of young folks.

At the serving of rations, some people refused some of their supplies, others took them and threw them overboard.

Some ugliness developed, but nothing very serious.

General meeting was held on Sunday, on deck, and in the evening, in different sections of the ship.

Good counsels prevailed.

Disaffection, brought on by the ship's cooks, made quite a rumpus among us.

The cooks were dismissed and negroes put in their places, and peace was again established.

Calm after calm prevailed, so that our voyage looked as though it would be prolonged.

On the twenty-eighth of May we'consigned to the sea Mary Carr, the fourteen-months-old daughter of Richard Carr.

With singing and prayer, in a terrific storm, we attended to that sad rite.

The weather was so severe that all were early below decks, and the evening was spent in singing the songs of Zion.

Ours was an unnsually large company, a slow-sailing boat, with rough weather, much seasickness, calms or head winds that delayed us until our supplies ran short.

President William Gibson was in a bad state of health when we sailed from Liverpool.

He worked all he could for the company and was about much at night.

His health failed him, and he got into such a nervous state that he was quite unfitted for the labors of president.

About the tenth of June, two weeks out from New York, Dr.

Whittle notified Brother John Clark and me that his state was a serious one. We then stepped forward and took charge of the company affairs.

Such a contingency, perhaps, never arose in the history of emigration, where it became necessary for the counselors to step to the front and assume full charge of the company, as we were under the necessity of doing, from then till we arrived in New York, June 26th.

We at once took stock of the company's stores and supplies of every nature.

We found it necessary to put all on half-rations of water and all provisions except salt beef and sea-biscuit.

The medical stores were depleted entirely of wine and brandy.

It was a hardship seriously felt by the

Saints, to lose onehalf their supply of water and good provisions.

We took every precaution to have the benefit of fresh air to people and their bedding, so that, aside from seasickness, our company arrived in New York in very good condition.

Elder John Clark and I, in our extra labors, moved harmoniously side by side, and were sustained by all of the Saints.

On our arrival at New York, in consequence of the enfeebled condition of President Gibson, the sole charge of the company was put into my hands from there to Florence, Nebraska, by Elders Horace S. Eldredge and Ormus E.

Bates, who were in charge of emigration matters at New York City.

It required a constant and faithful watchcare on ship-board and crossing the continent to prevent corrupt, designing men, from imposing upon our pure and unsuspecting girls.

We were also annoyed by foolish men within our own company, which inclined us to feel that the "white man is very unreliable."While gathering moneys from the company, in New York, for their passages to Florence, someone picked

Brother Phillips'pocket of thirty sovereigns, or $150 in gold, a most unfortunate occurrence for a poor people.

We moved out of New York, by rail, Friday evening, June 27th.

As morning came upon us in Albany, N. Y., on the 28th of June, there were over eight hundred souls to feed.

The great majority were reasonably supplied, but there were more than forty people in the same condition that I was—without food or money.

Hunger brought them

MY FIRST MISSION.

to me early for food.

I sent them to Brother Ormus E.

Bates, as he was with us to that point.

He, in turn, sent them to me again.

I told Brother Bates I was powerless to feed forty people from empty pockets for the ten days we would be going to Florence.

He gave me $10.

I spent the money at suitable periods for bread alone, which I distributed to the needy.

Then, when we were approaching a point of supplies, I would pass through the train, notifying the people to buy always a little more butter, cheese and meats than they required for themselves, so as to share with their needy neighbors, to whom I was only able to furnish bread.

Thus we fared alike and none suffered while the ten dollars lasted for bread, which was about two days.

I was supplied with five hundred and sixty-one tickets and receipts for twenty-one thousand six hundred pounds of extra luggage.

Our treatment was all we could ask till we crossed the Niagara River.

There we were put into the most wretched, dilapidated second-class cars I ever saw.

They were not comfortable cattle cars.

The rain poured down in torrents and ran through our car covers as through a sieve.

The conductor had me go with him through the cars to make careful count of the people, he suspecting that I was not supplied with sufficient transportation.

The count resulted in showing I had fifty adult passengers more than I had transportation for.

He demanded one hundred and fifty dollars for their fares.

I protested that if my tickets were short the fault was in the New York office, for I knew that every person in the company entitled to pay a fare had done so honestly.

He telegraphed the fact to the superintendent at the Saratoga Bridge to know what he should do in the case, as I was without the money.

The superintendent answered, "Tell Mormon agent that the baggage will be detained at Windsor until one hundred and fifty dollars is paid."I felt I was driven into a corner.

I sought Sister Eliza Horsepool, who had entrusted to my care for safe keeping from New York to Florence, thirty-three sovereigns, or one hundred and sixty-five dollars in gold, and asked her if she would allow me to use her money till we arrived in Florence.

That she gladly consented to do.

I would not settle with the conductor.

I was prepared to meet the superintendent in the morning of June 30.

I could make no terms with the superintendent.

Nothing would do him but the cash.

I paid him thirty sovereigns and took his receipt for it.

The remaining three sovereigns I used to buy bread for the needy, and for other unavoidable expenses.

I felt that our Canadian treatment was unnecessarily harsh.

It was business, however, and we were brought to time.

We crossed the river from Canada to Detroit, in Michigan, there to be not only treated badly, but roundly abused by my countrymen, in my own native land.

We were in Detroit three or four hours.

When we came to load up we were most shamefully and brutally treated by the superintendent in person.

He was a tall, gentlemanly-looking man of sixty years or more, with very heavy, long iron gray beard.

He had thirteen cars brought up, and the company filled them in a very short time.

I passed through the train from end to end and saw the people packed in like sardines in a box, and there were over one hundred of us yet on the platform with no place to ride.

Through Canada, though the cars were filthy, leaky and miserable, there were fifteen of them, and from

New York we were supplied with seventeen cars.

I told the superintendent it was impossible for us to get into and be seated in the thirteen cars.

He said, "You shall not have another G—d carriage."He undertook to drive

M V FIRST MISSION.

us as if we were brutes, saying:

''Get in there, G—d—you, or I'll drive off and leave the last one of you."After an indefinite amount of that kind of abuse, while we were standing, men, women and children, in the broiling hot sun, to make his words good, away went the train and left us behind.

The train was out of sight some minutes, when it returned.

He then pointed us to two carriages standing on a track a little way from us and said, "You see those two carriages?'

I answered, "Yes, sir."He then said, "You can have just those two, now G—d—you, pile into them or else stop here."The people flocked like young partridges to their nest, and we were as thick and close together in those two carriages as chickens under their mother's wings.

We just had time to get in, and away we were hurled like lightning over the iron track, and we breathed easier again.

We pocketed the insults as best we could, and were delighted to get out of the air made blue by the wicked profanity of that hoary old sinner.

Tuesday, July ist, Brother Thomas

Broadbent's little child died.

On our arrival in Chicago, for the reasonable sum of four dollars, the child was placed in its little coffin in the hand of a stranger to bury.

That seemed to me even sadder and more uncertain than the burial of our dead in the sea.

White men are very unreliable.

At Chicago we were well treated and given plenty of roomy cars, of the best quality.

On that line it was discovered my tickets were short, but I was allowed to go along with the company, by certifying to the excess.

At Quincy, Illinois, we learned that Elder Chas. C. Rich and his son,

Joseph C.

, were not far ahead of us, and they might join our company.

When I learned that, I could have shed tears, for I was so heavy laden.

I wanted some strong shoulders to share the responsibility with me.

It will be remembered I was without counselors.

We were moved down the Mississippi River from Quincy by steamboat to Hannibal, and there loaded on to the Hannibal & St.

Joseph Railroad.

When we came to Missouri, we were within touch of the effects of the war of the rebellion, for it had raged on both sides of the road we were to travel.

There were but five good cars for us to occupy.

When they were filled, the remainder of the company were put in cattle cars, which had always been used for the purpose of freighting cattle to market. There was no time to make them clean.

Rough seats of two-inch piank were put in those dirty cars.

Then we seated ourselves in those stables and rode across the State of Missouri.

To the credit of the railroad company, I must say it was the best they could do, and that with the proper spirit.

Their rolling stock had been destroyed during the war, until their road was naked.

It was indeed a distressing sight to see the people tumbling into such stables; the aged men and women, mothers with young children, having to stay in them all night, with no possibility of resting, say nothing about sleeping.

Our train was so heavy and the engines so weak, that we were run in two trains.

I stayed with the train where most of the people were, and gave Brother Hargraves charge of the other.

In Brother Hargraves'company, a Brother Jones tried to get on the train while it was in motion, but fell and broke some of his ribs.

I felt a shade of condemnation when the train I was with ran out first, for thus I went away and left part of my people.

To compensate for that, our engine was wind-broken, or something else was the matter; so we had to stop frequently to get up steam and rest;

the other train passed us in the night, arriving at

MY FIRS'l MISSION.

St.

Joseph at a.

m.—just four hours ahead of us.

We had a splendid opportunity for a very serious collision.

We were running on down grade to make up lost time, where it could be done without much work from the engine, and, on something of a sharp curve, we met a hand-car with several men upon it.

The men jumped off and saved themselves.

The axles of the hand-car were twisted up like wires, but there was no further damage.

At St.

Joseph, Mo., we found Elder Rich and his son, Joseph.

Also met Brother William S. Godbe there, and he gave me five dollars to buy bread for the needy, my purse having become empty again.

We arrived in St. Joseph on July 3rd.

We had to transfer our people and their effects to the river steamer

Omaha, on the fourth day of July.

That being the national holiday, it was difficult to get a ship's crew in America's waters to work on that glorious day.

We finally succeeded in loading up and moving up the river at 6 p. m., just when the fourth of July sun beat in upon us from the west.

Everybody—nine hundred or one thousand people—sought, naturally enough, the east, or shady side of the boat, and nearly foundered her.

We had to make quite an effort to get part of the people onto the sunny side, so the boat could travel.

Finding Elder Rich at St.

Joseph was to me a great relief, for I felt the weight of responsibility was taken from my shoulders.

I had felt when a death occurred or any misfortune or unpleasantness, I was responsible for it, and I censured myself.

But when the Apostle was with the company, I felt that a greater than I was there, upon whose shoulders the responsibility would rest.

All anxiety was taken from me.

I thought Elder Rich would take charge of the company, but not so;

to Captain Kerchival and others, he took pains to introduce me as "President Lyman,"and honored me as such on all occasions.

I related to him my trying experience in bringing so large a company from New York, short in my transportation and with many other trying experiences.

I wanted him to write to Brothers Eldredge and Bates to clear the matter up, so that I could recover the money I had borrowed to pay over fares in Canada.

He told me to write the facts to them myself.

I suggested that they perhaps would not give such prompt heed to the matter if I should write.

He said, "Yes, they will;

they will listen to you, all right."I wrote the letter, with full details, and signed it.

He read it over carefully, asked some explanations and then signed his name below mine.

I felt sure such an endorsement would not be questioned.

What a lesson was taught in the experience I had with that great and good man

It could have done him no credit to have had charge of eight hundred people for two days.

To me, a beardless boy, it was something of a victory to take such a company from

New York to Florence.

He magnified a boy and lost no honor himself.

He treated me as he would that his son should be treated underlike circumstances.

The excessive heat and drinking ice water caused much sickness.

A Sister Spencer, whose baby was born on the cars, was so overcome by the heat that she succumbed and died the second evening we were on the river.

A few hours after her death, a Brother Davis died of cholera, or something like it.

At eight o'clock on the morning of the sixth of July, after some brethren had worked hard all night, making the two coffins, the captain brought the boat to the shore at a point about forty miles below Florence, on the Nebraska side, and gave the two a decent burial.

We arrived at Florence at p.

m.

As we landed we were met by

MY FIRST MISSION.

Elders Joseph W.

Young, John Brown, Elias N.

Blackburn and many others.

Brother Young and others were up all night.

I managed to get in two hours of sleep.

Monday, July 7th, 1862.

When the luggage was all ready to be distributed and weighed, the people were called together, and Brother Joseph W. Young talked to them like a father, telling them how they were to be taken across the plains, and what they were expected to do.

They were to pay to him all the money they had, much or little, unless they had more than was required for their emigration, and he would furnish them all things necessary for their use on the road, such as provisions, cooking utensils, etc.

I worked very hard till three o'clock, p. m. when Brother Joseph W. told me to go to the Willet House and get dinner.

We had been separating, weighing and sending the luggage to the camp-ground by teams.

I had but just ordered my dinner, when I was startled by a furious wind storm, which seemed to try the whole building to its foundation.

The air in every corner of the house was just as full of dust as was that on the outside.

It went right through the building as I never saw anything like it before.

The terrible wind was followed almost immediately by lightning, thunder and a torrent of rain, such as can be produced in that section better than any other of my knowledge.

My heart bled for the poor Saints who were out in it, unprotected on their camp-grounds.

While I was eating my dinner, word came to us that Brother Joseph

W. Young was all but killed by a wagon-bed bottom being taken up by the wind and carried some yards, and striking him on the face and head.

Brother Henry Whittall was killed outright by lightning, also a young man by the name of Day.

Brother Young was taken to George Smith's home to be nursed.

He had the worst-looking head and face I ever saw upon a living being.

His nose was almost cut off his face.

His scalp was torn off, leaving the top of his skull bare.

Many of the Saints left the camp-ground to find shelter in the town.

They were terrified.

It was a revelation to them about wind, dust, thunder, lightning and rain.

At the request of the brethren I retained charge of the company and proceeded, with Brother Robert Stuart as my clerk, to organize the camp into companies of twelve, with a'man at their head to take charge of them and all things in their possession that belonged to the Church.

The storms continued so that the people were scattered, which retarded our organization very much.

There was much doing and undoing to accommodate the preferences of those concerned, some of whom desired to get with their friends.

Some wished also to get where they could start with the earlier companies.

The forty days that I was at Florence was a busy time for the Elders in assisting the inexperienced

Saints in outfitting for their one thousand miles of overland journey.

The year 1862 was remarkable for the great number that gathered from abroad.

Many Church as well as independent trains got their outfits at Florence.

Elder Joseph W. Young's life for weeks trembled in the balance.

The fervent prayers of all Saints acquainted with his condition ascended to God for his recovery.

It came slowly, but he never entirely recovered from that fearful accident.

When he was improved so he could listen to business at all, I laid before him my necessity for the one hundred and sixty-five dollars I borrowed of Sister Horsepool to get my company through from New York.

He took the Canadian railroad superintendent's receipt for the one hundred and fifty dollars, and said to Elder John Brown, who attended to emigration matters while Brother Young

MY FIRST MISSION.

was sick, "Count out thirty-three sovereigns to Brother Lyman,"which was done.

It was not many minutes till I had placed the gold in Sister Horsepool's hand, cancelled mv obligation and was made happy.

When I did it, that large-hearted sister wanted me to retain enough ol the money to buy me a No.

7 Charter Oak stove, and pay the freight on it to my home in Beaver.

I declined the offer, as I saw no prospect of being able to return her the amount again.

It was quite a temptation to me, as

I had a family, but had never owned a stove and did not for a long time after.

I had spent two years and a half on my mission and had three children before I succeeded in trading for a little oldfashioned step stove, which Brother Gabriel Huntsman's family had used.

I went on that mission without purse or scrip, or two coats.

On our way home a brother, whose name has gone from my memory, who had two watches, loaned me one till I arrived in Salt Lake City, when I returned it to him.

The sequel to my trouble crossing the country from New York to the frontier, with more passengers than I had tickets for, was that the clerk in the ticket office in New York had made a mistake of one in the hundreds line, and hence gave me one hundred tickets short of what were paid for.

The mistake was discovered soon after we started, but as I did not send them word they concluded I was getting along all right with my short supply.

At Florence two good friends to my father and Brother Rich, namely,

William S.

Godbe and William Bringhurst, furnished them four young mules, a light wagon, harness, spring seats and all things to complete a traveling outfit.

I was their teamster to Salt Lake City, thus working my way home as I had worked it away.

Elder Joseph W.

Young, Captain Wm.

H.

Hooper and others were in the same company with us.

Joseph C.

Rich earned his way home by driving Captain Hooper's team.

Our journey was a fairly pleasant one.

We camped with the companies as we passed them;

held meetings, when wise counsels were dispensed by the

Apostles.

We arrived in Salt Lake City, September 16th, 1862.

In the absence of President Brigham Young,

President Heber C. KimbaH received us at the President's office and gave us a generous welcome home, shaking each of us with both his hands, as if he would weigh us in the balance.

Hefjexpressed his entire satisfaction with us.

It is glorious when Elders return from missions, with the approval, favor and blessing of God and His servants upon their heads.

I lingered about the northern country until after the October Conference, and then went to my home and family at Beaver, with Brother James

H. Robbins, where we arrived October 16th, 1862.

Thus ended my first mission.

I deeplv regret that I quit my daily journal from that time for eleven years.

It is almost universally the case that the Elders cease journalizing when they return home, as if our home labors and experiences were not important.

It is a great mistake.

If our lives are worth living, they are worth the time and labor it takes to make a brief history of them.

Ten minutes a day will make quite a history of one's life.

The better we keep track of what occurs in our lives, the better the occurrences in our lives will be.

Francis M. Lyman.

No talent, no self-denial, no brains, no character, is required to set up in the grumbling business;

but those who are moved with a genuine desire to do good have little time for murmuring or complaint.

THE DREAM.

in.

"Hiram Tracy, Salt Lake City, Utah."It was two or three days after the newspaper episode that Leigh, looking over the hotel arrivals in a local paper, saw the above name mentioned as registered at the hotel at which he himself was staying.

An interest connected with the recent associations of the place named impelled him to look up the individual, with the hope of possibly learning something in a personal way, of the people and religion of the Mormon city.

Though he had said nothing further to Claire on the subject, it had been on his mind constantly, though he would for many reasons have been glad to dismiss it from his thoughts.

He had spoken to the hotel clerk in regard to his wish to meet the arrival from Salt Lake, and late in the afternoon of the same day he pointed out to Leigh a man sitting on one of the settees in the office immersed in a newspaper, as the individual he had wished him to designate.

Leigh, fearing he might have no other opportunity, determined to make a bold st«|p and introduce himself to the stranger.

Approaching the place where he sat, Leigh noticed the half page of the paper turned towards him contained a copy of the sketch of the building in which he was so intensely interested.

This gave him a chance to broach the subject 'of it without declaring his particular reason for doing so, and he at once hastened to avail himself of the opportunity.

"I trust you will pardon me,"he said as the stranger glanced up at his approach, "I learned that you were from Salt Lake City, sir, and if it is not presuming too far, I hoped perhaps to gain some direct information in regard to the people and religion of that place.""No apology is necessary,"replied the other affably, "I am a resi- b dent of Salt Lake, and shall take pleasure in giving you what information

I can.""My interest,"said Leigh, taking the proffered seat beside the stranger, "has been awakened by reading an account of the erection of the building whose description I see you have before you.""You will appreciate my own interest,"answered the other, "since it is the temple wherein the people of my own religious faith expect to worship.""You mean to say then—"commenced Leigh.

"That I am a Mormon, born and bred,"said the other with an accent of distinct pride in his intonation.

For a moment Leigh was silent.

With many others of the outside world who had imbibed their ideas of the peculiar sect from prejudiced reports of the press, he had formed certain strange, though vague ideas of the people comprising it, and it was something of a surprise to him to see in this well behaved and intelligent individual a specimen of that people who were so universally ridiculed and reviled.

"Mr.

Tracy,"he said, after a pause, "you will confer a great favor upon me by telling me something of your people and their religious principles.""With greatest pleasure."For nearly two hours Leigh listened with intense interest while Hiram Tracy recited the history and beliefs of his people.

At the end of that time a message from Claire came to interrupt them, but before parting, Tracy extended an invitation to Leigh to spend the evening in his room, for the purpose of continuing the discussion—an invitation to which Leigh readily responded.

"I have several of our church tracts in my trunk and shall look them up for you to read in case you

THE DREAM.

may care to do so,"said the stranger as they separated.

Leigh said nothing to Claire of his new acquaintance, knowing that a renewal of the tabooed theme would end only in agitating her; but shortly after the supper hour, he made his way to Tracy's room, where the two spent an interesting evening—Leigh questioning and criticising to his heart's content, and the other skillfully and intelligently meeting the queries and objections which Leigh propounded.

Spite of his preconceived ideas and previous repulsion to the doctrines and name of the Church they so earnestly discussed, Leigh found himself experiencing an interest after their conversation, the nature of which was decidedly opposed to that which had inspired him at the outset.

When he left Tracy, he took with him the tracts which the latter had ready for him, and it was proof of the keenness of this interest that, late as it was, he yet sat up to read the last one of them to the end before going to bed.

On the morning following, Claire, having noticed the tracts lying on the table, spoke to her husband of them, and Leigh told her of his meeting and conversation with the stranger, giving evidence in his narration of the deep impression the facts related by the other had made upon him.

The effect upon Claire of this admission of an awakening faith in a Church which she regarded with the utmost scorn and abhorrence, was something for which Leigh was not prepared, notwithstanding his expectation of a strong opposition on her part.

So great was her agitation that a violent scene of hysterics was the outcome, and fearing for the result upon her delicate health, Leigh was forced finally to refrain from further discussion of the subject, in order to restore her to any degree of calmness.

One point only had he gained.

In his conversation with Tracy he had found out that though a few drawings and photographs of the Temple existed previously to the time of his dream, there was yet small probability of any having been circulated to such extent as to offer a chance for the theory of his having happened on one in the little town in which he had spent his youth and childhood.

This to Leigh was almost convincing proof of the supernatural essence of his dream, though Claire still refused to accede to it the least consideration.

"It is more than possible that there are other buildings you have seen that resemble this one,"she said, during their argument.

"But hardly alike in the minutest detail as these two are,"objected Leigh.

"Are you sure they are alike in every detail?

How long is it, indeed, since you had the dream?""It is fifteen years since I sealed the package that contained the sketch of the building; but in such a case my memory could not mislead me.

''You must at least concede it to be possible;

and considering how much depends, it would be as well to wait for actual proof, as to take a leap in the dark and accept such a delusion at this man's mere word.""Then if I wait for this proof, I must claim one thing of you in return;

if the two sketches prove to be similar in detail, as I believe them to be:

that you will concede the necessity of my accepting the truth of the test, as the literal fulfillment of my dream."To this Claire gave a reluctant half-assent.

To prevent her husband from taking a rash step in regard to accepting at once the despised doctrines, and to gain time to dispel the spell she believed to have come upon him through the Mormon's influence, this was the vital issue with her

THE DREAM.

just now, and to accomplish it she did not deem it wrong to resort even to deception.

Leigh did nof have further opportunity to converse with Tracy, as the latter left for home on the day following; but as they shook hands in farewell, in the office where Leigh was in waiting for his new acquaintance,

Leigh placed in Tracy's hand a slip of paper.

"There are reasons why I cannot be present at the dedication of your Temple, though I would give much to do so,"he said; 'but I have so much reason to be impressed with the truth of its mission, that I wish at least to take some little part in advancing its cause, and I entrust this check of a hundred dollars to you to be used for the benefit of the

Temple, in whatever way it may be deemed best.""I consider it one of the privileges of my life to have been able to aid you in coming to this conclusion, Mr. Merrale,"said Tracy earnestly;

"and I sincerely hope that you may obtain light sufficient to enable you to take hold of the truths I have tried to explain.

If you have no objections I should like to send you a set of our church books which fully elucidate our doctrines, as I believe if you will read them, you will not fail to be convinced of their truth.""I shall look upon it as a great favor, 'replied Leigh ''and I will ask you to forward them to my home in Ohio, as I shall remain here only a short time."The two men again shook hands, and Leigh went upstairs to Claire, whose spirits—which had been much depressed since the eventful conversation a few days since—seemed to revive at the mere thought that the man whose influence she dreaded was out of the house.

Leigh did not tell her of the check, dreading a renewal of the former unhappy scene;

but he determined, should the sketch, locked in his desk at home, prove to correspond in detail with the copy in the newspaper, that no outburst nor objection should detain him longer from following the dictates of heart and conscience.

Had he dreamed of the scheme which Claire, in her dread for his "delusion,"had plotted for the disappointment of his plans, he perhaps would not have hesitated in declaring at once for what was in fact nearly settled conviction.

IV.

"Well, Martha, all ready to start, I see.""Yes, ma'am.

The new girl's in the kitchen, an'I've been showin'her how the work's to be done, ma'am, so that ye'11 have no trouble at all yerself.

"Very well, Martha."Claire gave a sigh of relief.

They were just home from their western trip, and the cheery little home seemed like paradise after the hotel life they had endured the past two months.

"It's right good of you, ma'am, to write and tell me I could go at once to my sister, after my promisen'ye to stay till July.

I can't tell ye the joy Mary'll have to see me so soon.

I've been yearnin'to get back to her, but I'd give my word to ye, ma'am, and here I'd a stayed if you hadn't let me free of yer own will.""I know you have been homesick for sometime, Martha, and I decided it would be best for you to go to your sister, especially as she needs your care.""You're good as gold, ma'am, an'I'm not likin'to leave as kind a mistress;

I can say that.

But, ma'am, I'm wantin'to ask you if the package reached you—

"It came all right, Martha,"interrupted Claire hastily.

"You must hurry now unless you wish to miss the train;

it starts in fifteen minutes.""Then I'm off—and, ma'am, my address'11 be—

"There Martha, here is the ex-

THE DREAM.

press wagon for your trunk;

there is no time to lose.""Goodbye ma'am, then.""Goodbye/'She was off at last, and Claire gave vent to another sigh of relief.

With Martha out of the way her secret would be safe.

She had left the house in charge of the faithful girl during their absence, and the girl's homesickness, as well as the fact of her having an invalid sister in Chicago, had given her excuse for writing to Martha that she could depart for home immediately upon their arrival.

There was but one thing to be dreaded now—the coming interview with her husband.

He had gone upstairs at once to his study, his deep interest making him impatient to satisfy himself, at'least, upon the vital point without delay.

He had been there about twenty minutes when Claire heard him descending the stairs.

He entered with a face troubled and puzzled.

"Claire, have you removed anything from my desk at any time?""From your desk? How could I, Leigh?

It is locked constantly, and you keep the key upon your ring in your pocket."It was true.

Besides that, he had handled all the papers in the desk the last thing before departing for the

West, and the key had not been out of his possession since.

Claire herself was out of the question in regard to the loss he had sustained.

Aside from all else, his knowledge of her nature, precluded, to him, the faintest possibility of her having molested his private possessions.

Who then had done it? These were the thoughts that were in Leigh's mind puzzling and distracting him as he stood facing her silently.

"Claire, has Martha gone?"he asked at length.

"Yes, twenty minutes ago.""And it is too late to overtake her;

the train is starting now.

Did she leave her address?'"No, she had not time to give it.

Why, Leigh?""I have lost the package which contained the manuscript and picture of my dream."Claire's face was turned from him, but he saw a vivid red creep into the delicate neck and ears which faced him.

She said nothing, and Leigh was too chivalrous to pursue the subject after the tenor of their conversations and experience in regard to the matter.

It indeed was a delicate and dangerous thing to mention it before her.

As for having her think for a moment that he believed her concerned in the evident treachery that had been practised since his departure not for worlds would he permit it.

Exercised as Leigh was at the loss of his precious mementos of the experience that he believed would eventually influence his destiny, there was yet mingled with it a partial sense of relief at the opportunity the event afforded for a delay of the agitation and settlement of the vital question.

Knowing well Claire's aversion and dread of the subject, he felt that the proofs, however conclusive, would as yet bring nothing but a renewal of her former agitation, and he determined to let the matter rest till she should regain her health, hoping that with a return of physical strength she would be better able to reason calmly upon the subject.

In the meantime he watched and waited eagerly for the books Hiram Tracy had promised to send;

but though the latter's words had led him to believe they would be forwarded directly upon his arrival in Salt Lake, days passed into weeks and weeks to months and they still were not forthcoming.

Finally, in the latter part of August he wrote to Tracy reminding him of his promise, and also that his own interest was keen, still, in regard to the matter.

To Claire he had said nothing further upon the subject since coming from D

THE DREAM.

but since the birth of their boy, a month ago, she had gained strength rapidly; and he felt it an imperative duty, considering the importance and nature of the matter, to proceed with his investigation.

Six weeks passed before Tracy was heard from.

Then a letter came, postmarked Berlin, stating that the writer had been on a mission in Germany since June, and that Leigh's letter had to be forwarded, hence the delay.

He had, he asserted, sent the books early in April to Leigh's address, and they must have reached there either shortly before or alter their return home. He was surprised at Leigh's not receiving them, but had written to his family in Salt Lake to have another set forwarded, so that Merrale should not be disappointed in an opportunity to read them.

He closed with an earnest wish that his investigation would convince him beyond doubt of the truth contained in their doctrines.

This news to Leigh was almost as great a sensation as that of his lost manuscript and drawings.

He had asked too repeatedly and carefully at the postoffice concerning the books, to admit of any failure in that way, and their non-appearance, therefore, partook of the same mystery as that which surrounded the other affair.

Thinking long and carefully about it, he could come but to one conclusion—that the books had arrived before his return home, and that the responsibility of both their disappearance and that of the papers, rested upon one and the same hand.

But whose?

He must of necessity set Claire aside, since she was with him at the time of the occurrence of both thefts, and Martha alone had access to the desk and charge of such matters as concerned them during their absenee.

Much as he disliked to suspect the girl in whom they had placed perfect trust, there was absolutely no other upon whom suspicion might rest.

Two circumstances connected with her departure might certainly give ground for belief that something was wrong.

One was her hasty departure from the house on the morning of their return; and another, that she had not written since, nor said anything at the time about her address.

Having been with them some length of time—nearly three years it might seem that she would wish to write, or at least leave some definite knowledge of her whereabouts, unless, indeed, she had some motive for wishing to withdraw entirely from their lives.

And yet, what motive save one could there be?

In his renewed zeal and interest on the subject of his investigation, the overwhelming desire to obtain possession of his precious drawings, and settle finally the vital question that occupied most of his waking thoughts, determined him to make strennuous efforts to find out Martha's address, in order to write to her upon the subject.

Deciding not to speak to Claire until he had sought the papers that would furnish proof of the wondrous nature of the coincidence of the two pictures, Leigh set quietly to work to obtain information of Martha's whereabouts.

From the girl whom Martha supplied for her place with them, he learned that though she herself could give him no information, there was a friend of the girl's with whom

Martha still corresponded in the place, and from her she could procure the address.

After obtaining this satisfaction, Leigh's mind began to mistrust.

Even if Martha were guilty, would his writing cause her to make confession?

He had little hope that it might be so; and if she were innocent, there would be the offense of having accused her—however indirectly—of a deed of which she might well be incapable, and all the unpleasant feelings and consequences thereof which would naturally follow.

While he was still conjecturing

54Q THE DREAM.

doubtfully on the matter, somethingoccurred to naturally lighten his difficulty.

In the afternoon of the day in which he obtained Martha's address, a telegram came containing news that a friend of his childhood had died in Chicago;

that he had been appointed administrator of the property left by the deceased, and asking him to repair to Chicago at as early a date as possible, in order to attend to the affairs of the estate.

The next morning Leigh was on his way westward, and among other preparations made for the journey, he did not forget to take with him the address of their former servant.

.Upon his arrival in Chicago, the first business, of course, was the duty to his dead friend.

In a period of ten days, however, the affairs concerning the estate were satisfactorily arranged, and Leigh felt free to devote himself to his important quest.

He had no trouble in searching out Martha's abode, and the sincere heartiness of the woman's welcome, destroyed what doubts he had had concerning her wish to avoid them.

He determined, however, not to lose the opportunity of questioning her; and after a few moments spent in general conversation, he turned to the subject.

Speaking casually and gradually he mentioned his loss, and asked Martha if there were any possible clue she might aid him with in regard to either package, and especially the one containing his manuscript and drawings.

"Is it the package wrapped in writin'paper, an'wid a red seal on, yer meanin'then, Mister Merrale?""That is the description of the one kept in my desk.""An'it's from yer desk I took it, sir, when the missis'letter come.""Letter?"asked Leigh in mystification.

"Yes, sir.

The letter from Montany, tellin'me I was to send the package immediately.""Then Cla—Mrs.

Merrale—sent directions to have the package sent to her?""Yes, sir;

that very same.

She tould me to wrap it in the cloak she sent for, as 'twould come safer, she thought.

And yet to think ye should lose it!

It's too bad!""But Martha, how—how could you obtain the package without a key?

There was but one,"said Leigh, grasping at the one flaw as the drowning man at a wisp of straw.

"Sure, sir, the missus sint the key in her letter—a little slip of a thing it was—no thicker than a knife blade, and not more'n a fourth as wide;

and I sint it back in my letter, the same way as she directed, sure, sir;

was that and the cloak lost, too?'"No, they were not lost,"said Leigh.

He spoke quietly, but there was an expression in his tone and face that made Martha wonder.

"An'sure, then, it was somethin'valuable in the package, sir, an'you've been that unfortunit'as to lose it! Law, suz, sir, it's a shame!

An'how it could a slipped out o'the parcel I can't think, for I tied it tight with cord myself, and then the express man, he put another heavy paper over the one I'd put on, an'tied it himself again.

Sure, sir, I hope I've been no way to blame at all?""No, Martha, you have been in no way to blame,"said Leigh, and then:

"But the books, Martha, did you send them, too?""The books, sir?

I never saw no books, indeed, sir.

If they come at all 'twas after I left.

The postman brought nothing to the house but letters from my sister, save that from the missus.

I'm thinkin'they must a'gone the same way.""Yes,"said Leigh.

To check any further talk and surmisings he rose at once to go, taking care not to disturb the impression evidently in Martha's mind, that the packages had been lost in the mail.

Not for

THE DREAM.

worlds would he have another dream of the treachery that had been made clear to him by her narrative.

Enough that he himself knew, beyond hope of doubt, of his wife's duplicity.

The whole truth was now, indeed, too plain.

Trusting implicitly in Claire's whole-souledness and integrity, reverencing her character as little less than perfect, as he had done since he had known her, the knowledge of her treachery came as the greatest blow his life had ever known.

Almost as soon would he have parted with his life as his faith in her truth; and these proofs were beyond all hope of clearance.

Only one excuse was there for her in his sore thoughts as he went back to his hotel—that she believed him in danger of yielding to what she judged to be a fatal delusion, and had risked her integrity in an effort to save him.

However much he might cling to this as a saving circumstance, however, it could not lessen the blow dealt him through knowledge of her perfidy, and he spent a wakeful, care-tossed night, his mind torn with thoughts of the gulf that must be bridged before the affair which stood between them could be redeemed or forgotten.

Before morning, however, he had become fully convinced as to the course to be pursued, and that day he spent two hours in inditing a letter to

Claire.

The next night he boarded a westbound train,. on his way to Salt Lake City.

Three months have passed—momentous ones, indeed, for Leigh Merrale.

Already half-convinced by the proofs gained so far, that this faith, believed in by the Mormon people, was the one which the dream was sent to prepare him for, he needed only to mingle with the people, read their books of history and doctrine, and study the wonderful organization of the church, to settle whatever doubt remained in his mind.

In a month from the time of his arrival in Salt Lake, he had become a member of the church.

One thing alone now remained to mar his perfect peace—the estrangement and separation from his wife.

The letter which had come to him in answer to his own, while expressing deep contrition for the deception she had practiced, was yet filled with an abiding conviction of the Tightness of motive which had prompted it.

"I need not tell you that it was a sacrifice for me to stoop to dishonorable methods—you will know that but as I should not have hesitated at the step to save your life, how much more would I risk and suffer to save your soul?

It is for this I have done all; and though I have perhaps merited the loss of your respect and love,

I could endure even that, if I could know that I had saved you from the peril that seems still threatening you.

Oh, Leigh!

Remember that it is your eternal welfare that is at stake; and though you cannot perhaps forgive me for the part I have played in striving to save you, I implore you to at least turn from those abominable doctrines belore it is too late!"Thus ran the letter; and through it all Leigh read the fatal assurance, should he continue in his course, and accept the hated faith, that there would be little hope of peace or reconciliation between them for evermore.

Too well were his fears verified.

The letter in which he announced his conversion, to Claire, was not answered; and two others which he wrote subsequently met with the same fate.

It was now two months since he had heard from her, and he could not doubt that she had made up her mind to forsake him.

Spite of her fault, his heart still clung to her; for he could not doubt the absolute sincerity

THE DREAM

of her faith in the justness of her cause, and he determined that before giving her up forever, he would yet see her and make a struggle to regain her confidence and love.

He had remained this long in the city attending to Temple work for his dead, having obtained names ot two generations from a family Bible sent him by his sister; and now that this work was done, he was about to return to his home.

Home!

His heart beat with hopeless dread at the name, and yet he must see Claire, whatever reception awaited him.

He knew her firm will, and yet, as he neared his native place, there had grown in his heart a half-hope, born of eager yearning that, it might be for the sake of their child if nothing else, they might perhaps be reconciled.

Alighting from the train at the depot, Leigh took his light valise and walked homeward.

It was after twilight; and as he neared the house, he saw a light shining from the sitting-room, through the window.

How his heart went out to the dear, familiar home spot!

Surely, surely Claire could not give him a cool greeting, with all the tender memories and influences about them.

His step was almost bounding, as he neared the door, so full was his heart of hope!

Suddenly he stopped—a look of disappointment on his face.

To think that tonight, of all times, Claire should be entertaining strangers.

He could see them through the window, a gentleman, lady, and a little girl of about twelve years, and all evidently very much at home, sitting at the table with its shaded lamp, and reading cosily.

Who could they be?

He was sure he had never seen them.

And, by the way, the table and lamp and other objects in the room, certainly they had an unfamiliar look. Had Claire refurnished the room?

Or had—a chill came to his heart.

His bounding feet dragged heavily now, as he mounted the porch.

To be ringing at his own door; how cruelly strange it seemed!

His worst fears were realized, when the man he had seen inside opened the door.

"Mrs.

Merrale?

She has not lived here for two months past.

You will find her, I believe, at her fathers—Judge Parkhurst's—two blocks north."Leigh walked away with an unsteady step.

This, then, was the end of it.

He knew Claire too well to doubt that she had taken deep thought before deciding on this step, and the knowledge destroyed every hope of reconciliation he had cherished.

All that remained now was to see her and their boy and say farewell, for there would be but one alternative—to give up his faith, and that was not to be considered.

Reaching Judge Parkhurst's, his knock was answered by Claire's •stepmother, who gave him a chilly greeting; a forerunner, Leigh thought bitterly, of what was in store for him from Claire.

Showing him into the parlor, Mrs.

Parkhurst went upstairs to summon Claire—coldly bidding him be seated in the meantime.

The room was lighted only by the firelight, and Leigh walked to the grate and stood gazing moodily into the fire, longing for, and yet dreading a sight of the wife from whom he felt that he was forever separated.

"Leigh!"She had come in softly behind him, and now flung herself sobbing into his arms.

"Leigh! To think you have forgiven me enough to come to me, after all my willfulness and wickedness!""Claire, my wife!

If you knew how I rejoice to be welcomed by you in this way—and I thought I had lost you! My darling what is past, believe me, is all condoned.""Condoned?

Not yet, indeed!

I have erred too deeply to merit my own lenience, even, till I have taken upon me the name of the faith I have so reviled.

''Claire 'Leigh Merrale was trem-

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

bling with joy and emotion, and he could not go on.

"Leigh, listen;

I believe I felt the truth when I first looked at the pictures and read the manuscript of your dream that time in Montana.

Only I would not let myself believe that I was shaken.

It was all a hideous nightmare to me then, and I more than half feared that the evil one had had a hand in the work to deceive us both.

It was this that made me plan the deception and ruse for getting rid of all things connected with the subject, to keep them out of your sight and mind.

I don't know what it was that tempted me to keep the other books that came after you went away.

A hundred times I have risen to destroy them, but in some way my hand was stayed.

At length I could no longer resist the desire that had been with me to open them, and a few weeks ago I commenced secretly to read and study them.""Claire!""Yes, and they have awakened a conviction as strong as your own, Leigh, that the religion they teach is true."A week later Leigh, with Claire and his boy, were on their way to Salt Lake.

Claire in having sold their home and removed from it, had already broken the tie which he believed would have been hardest of all for both to sever, and there was nothing now but to make the few preparations remaining for departing permanently from their old home.

In their new one in the pleasant "valleys of the mountains"there are dearer joys and ties awaiting them than either have known before.

Within daily view of the temple, whose spires and triumphant angelfigure have played so wonderful a part in their destinies, their cozy home nestles on the hillside, and no shade of regret has yet, or ever may, darken their peaceful lives for following the guidings of Leigh's dream.

/. 5.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

REPRESENTING THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS'COLLEGE, SALT LAKE CITY,

Being a partial reflex of the work done in the chief Theological College of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day SaintsThe annual commencement exercises of the College were held at the

Social Hall on Wednesday, June 10. Among other creditable features were an address by Miss Rachel Grant, and a valedictory by Miss Alice Rich Smith, both graduates of the normal department, which are here reproduced:

THE NATURE OF THE CHILD DETERMINES EDUCATIONAL LAWS.

Life offers to all opportunities for, and possibilities of, attaining a higher state than the one now occupied.

When the little child enters upon this life it may well be called a bundle of possibilities. And although the conditions for the realization ol all these possibilities have never surrounded any individual, all persons, to a certain extent, realize some of them, and as far as this process or realization goes on, so far is one being educated.

The feeling of tension between what we are and what we desire to be, between the real and the ideal, gives rise to and gives the law to all social institutions, for their object is to bring man from his present real world to one of higher worth.

This power of man to think of himself other than he is, gives him his distinctive quality, for even the highest forms of animal life show no signs of having this power; this is the fundamental and universal fact of human life.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

Longfellow says that "Even in savage bosoms There are longings, yearnings, strivings,

For the good they comprehend not;

That the feeble hands and helpless,

Groping blindly in the darkness,

Touch God's right hand in that darkness And are lifted up and strengthened.

With advancing civilization the object becomes more definite, character becomes a word with meaning that it did not possess before.

And with the contemplation of a noble character there comes a feeling of unworthiness, which tends to strengthen the will in working towards the desired ideal.

And in doing this we must give up our present self.

How true the doctrine: "He that findeth his life shall lose it."The law of self sacrifice means that the lower, never the higher self, should be sacrificed.

From this we can see that only those laws of life which spring from man's internal nature should stand.

All laws which lead to a higher life express the desire for that life;

through this the law gains its force.

He understands law in its true sense who recognizes that in obeying the law he is obeying a higher self.

This need of man's nature gives rise to the school, a place established to aid, in the best known way, the growth and development of a human being.

I say development, for education is not a creative force;

it can but bring out, beautify and strengthen within the limits of the inherited organism.

Those educational laws which promote development, with the least expenditure of energy, are the best possible ones, for economy is the criterion of progress in education as in all other things.

As I said before, the need of the child gives rise to the school.

The teacher, the complex school system are but the means of satisfying this need, and I think it reasonable to say that the nature of the child determines the best way of gaining this desired end.

It is but natural to believe that the mind is governed by law, and that the best results can be obtained by finding out and using those laws as guiding principles in teaching the child.

For this reason psychology should be a study followed by the teacher, for a knowledge of the mind with which one has to deal is essential for the proper treatment of that mind.

Look around us, look at the work man is doing, and you will find that which we can make the most of, that with which our labors will be more efficient, is that which we best understand, perhaps understand not the nature but at least the conditions guiding the action of the object worked with.

Take two persons, give to each a seed, which contains in embryo a beautiful flowering plant.

The one is a florist, has closely studied the conditions which promote plant growth.

With these conditions in mind, he plants the seed, and treats it according to the knowledge he has of its need, and the plant fulfills the prophecy contained in the seed.

The other person plants the seed given him, he understands nothing of the nature of the material with which he is dealing, and although he may work harder than the other in trying to furnish the best conditions for its growth, it is doubtful whether it will grow at all, and if it does it will not reach the fullness of growth and beauty of which it was capable if properly cared for.

So I consider it in the training of the mind of the child.

He who best knows the conditions under which the mind through gaining new truths developes, will be the best leather.

He can not understand what the mind is any more than the florist, who understood the conditions of plant growth, understood the real nature of the process by which the seed developed.

Both may, and should, understand the conditions which forward development in that with which they deal in order to obtain the best results.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

Still farther we may carry this comparison, for as with the proper surroundings the plant has within its own nature that which will cause growth, so the child has within itself that which makes development possible, self effort and self activity are the guiding principles of advancement.

This principle of education places the teacher in the proper light; gives to him his divine mission, that of supplying the best conditions for the development of human minds.

This does away with the idea that the object of the teacher is to communicate his knowledge to the pupil, and enforces the truth that he shall act in such a manner as will aid the student in gaining knowledge for himself.

The truth that use strengthens and decay follows inactivity, applies in the mental world.

The child's knowledge is very limited, but what it does possess it uses constantly.

Indeed, the anxiety of the child to increase its knowledge, the curiosity the little one displays is very marked.

How often we discourage or kill this feeling through our ignorance; for it is ignorance, indeed, that would dwarf this divine part of the child's nature; for through this it shows that it has a desire to broaden its mind, to continue to gain knowledge, and this desire for knowledge is what teaching strives to implant in the human mind, and that school education fails which has not given the pupil an inspiration to continue his study in the higher and greater textbook of the world, when he has finished the prescribed line of studies.

Many teachers seem to think that the school is the beginning of the child's education.

It is perhaps the beginning of its formal education, but nature has for a number of years been instructing her pupil in a very effective manner.

Unless we stop to take particular notice of the matter, we are likely to forget what a good teacher nature is, and how much the child has learned before it enters school, for we all receive this training, and so under rate its value.

Among other things nature has taught the child the use of its senses.

Under her tuition, it has acquired quite an extensive control ov^r the muscles of its body;

it has learned to speak a language, and we who learn one later at school know that this is no easy matter;

it has laid a foundation by the observation of facts that will be the best possible one to build the structure of the formal education upon, and it will be a good teacher who can rear the structure as sure and strong as the foundation built by nature.

The comparison between the growth of the body and that of the mind, although old, is an apt one.

We take food into the body, and it is of value only as we digest and assimilate it;

is of value only so far as it goes to build up the body and make it capable of taking and using more food to continue its growth.

So in the mind;

only those truths which beeome an active force in our mental life, and which by their presence aid in gaining new truths, are adding to the growth of that life.

It is organized knowledge that is power.

By these facts just given, we can see the absurdity and danger of cramming, and the need of quality instead of quantity teaching.

For as in the body it is not the amount of food one takes, but the nutritious elements in that food; so in mind, it is not the quantity but the quality of the mental food.

Quantity teaching leads to rote learning.

A teacher who teaches by rule, may make his pupils dexterous in process, but he is deadening the individuality, is making the pupil a slave to the rule, is making a machine out of the mind.

For, although the pupil may do the work, he is ignorant of the why, and the principle that gives life to the rule, is for him as if it had never existed.

A principle, when mastered, gives power to the mind, for it may be universally applied and

COLLEGE DEI>AR TMENT.

will give the rule for the particular case.

Look again at mother nature's teaching.

If there is one thing in particular that she teaches the child, it is to question why? and the schooling that leaves the child without the desire to know the reason of things, robs him of a power to see and appreciate the grandeur of nature, and one that would have led him to love and reverence a divine Creator.

When we stop to reflect, it cannot but seem strange to remark, the little thought that has been given by people, in general, to the proper mode of education. We look around in the industrial world, and we find that in the great factories, where the machinery is very complex, a person who did not thoroughly understand such machinery, would never be given the position of taking charge of and seeing that it did the proper amount of work.

One who could not repair it when necessary, would not be the one chosen to take care of it.

But in the educational world, many who are placed in charge of the cultivation of human minds, know nothing of their action.

They forget that they should be teachers of minds and not of subjects.

All subjects derive their value from their relation to the mind; for mind is for us fundamental and so should, as far as possible, be understood.

In the past, subject teaching has been very general.

Schemes of subjects have been made which seemed perfect in every detail in regard to the logical relations of generalities and details;

and teachers could not comprehend why the child did not understand them. They forgot, or did not know, that teaching of mind and not of subject, is educative teaching.

The kindergarten and all educational laws that Frcebel advanced, were founded on child nature.

Today, and for sometime past, the study of child nature has been extensively carried on by leading educators, and the good results that are already following the application of the principles discovered by such study, are a proof that the nature of the child should determine the laws of its development.

Through this study a new spirit, a new enthusiasm has been given to the educational world.

And I believe that I am safe in saying that the results we see are not a tithe of what will follow before many years have passed, and that the educational systems of today are but a prophecy, unfulfilled, of what is to follow.

VALEDICTORY.

When the child descended to this earth, there was a separation from its

Creator, that the life in the hereafter might be purer and stronger.

And from childhood on there are many farewells, but in the hope of a hereafter, which springs from the depths of our being, there is even great joy in parting.

The little child leaves the beautiful fairies who lived in the trees, and flowers, and the castles of crumbling sand, and enters into the world of realitv, but he takes with him that influence which permeates the universe, and which the child could imperfectly, yet truthfully feel in the trees and flowers around him.

Throughout all our life we are influenced by our environment;

everything with which we come in vital touch leaves its impression upon us.

One of the closest environments is our school, and the influence there leaves a lasting impression.

In school, the social life is found with all the principles which govern the larger social order, and there is an opportunity for the practice of all the true social relations and duties.

During the past year these principles have been emphasized.

Through our associations in the school there is a mutual giving and receiving, and a development, if we will only allow it, of altruism, whose reward is a greater power and strength in reaching true freedom of

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

the soul.

Our school life is not something apart from the great world, nor is it a place for theory only, but it affords many opportunities for practice of theory, and is one of the most beautiful periods of life.

The strong and pure friendships which are formed here, tend to make the life broader and give us a deeper love for all the children of God. And that the purpose of the school may be realized there must be this unity.

One great principle which has aided unity and progression of our school, has been the deep religious sentiment, stimulating the ideal and baptizing all with the living fire.

Through it has been made prominent the truth that all our search for the manifestations and laws of the Creator, brings us to a knowledge of God Himself, and our relation to Him.

Thus the purpose of the school has been not to make the student a mere receptacle for knowledge, but a conscious, living organism, which will grow and receive power through the courses of study, and the influence of the spirit of God.

If we have not a knowledge of the living God, and that it is He who makes and guides the laws which we have been struggling to know, then I believe the purpose of the school will not be realized.

We leave this school, this influence, and many of our paths in life must necessarily be separated, that His purpose may be realized through our individual labor.

Our life in the world will not be a dream, but a reality, and we shall need to keep around us that influence which we have felt in school.

May we go into the world with the light of truth, and the peace of God shining about us, that this light radiating from our lives may shine on those whose lives are darkened and who could not penetrate alone the terrible darkness of unbelief.

The bond of friendship which has been formed during our work together will not be broken when the separation comes, for it is a spiritual bond which should remain strong and pure through this world and eternity.

While in the wide, wide world with its hopes, its ambitions, its fears, we will look into the receding past through the mists, and perhaps the clouds, and receive strength to help us on our journey, from merely the memory of the old friends and the dear old school.

When we leave our school we should not go to the green flowery slopes, but climb higher, higher up the mountains.

The beautiful but intoxicating blossoms of the valley will not grow upon the rugged rocks of the steep mountain; we must leave them and seek for those rarer flowers which can only be found by labor.

We shall then be searching along the path where duty, the still, small voice, is calling us.

We should objectify the soul and place it in the future, high up, beyond the clouds;

and then climb to reach it, guided by the beautiful star of faith, that prophecy of the soul of a glorious future.

In our struggle up this sometimes rugged, though strength-giving mountain of life, let us keep with us the good and ennobling influences that surrounded us in school, which will broaden and deepen our lives, that we may know and understand we are all God's children, and He loves all and that we, if we love our Heavenly Father, will help our neighbor whose eyes having been blinded does not know how nor where to find the light again.

We shall thus subvert the selfish, material, or lower tendencies of our lives, and we can make these tendencies the steps by which we rise to the higher or ideal self;

rising then from the perplexities of life to a serene faith in a guiding Providence.

We shall not all meet again in this life, which is only a preparation for the higher and better life in the hereafter, but there will always be that spiritual bond of sympathy by which we shall recognize each other when

LINES.

we meet again.

We shall then be able to climb from the heights we reached in this life, up the broad walls of heaven to the sun and moon and stars, and beyond them, for the glory of God is boundless.

The earth and the universe will be glorified by the power of His spirit, and we shall meet then in that glorious eternity.

Never lose sight of an honorable enemy; he will make a good friend.

It is easier to say than to unsay what has been said.

Therefore think well before you speak ill.

No man ever gathered a harvest from his field who had not first resolved to gather one.

No man ever won a victory or conquered an enemy whose success was not the result of resolution and planning.

No man ever accomplished better things who did not first resolve and attempt better things.

LINES TO A FRIENE IN TROUBLE AND TRIAL.

When surging waves against thee roll,

And billows dark engulf thy soul,

Faint not nor falter.

For He, whose eye does never sleep

Will snatch thee from the angry deep;

He walks upon the water.

When gri>ef o'erspreads thee like a pall,

And sorrow sick with wormwood gall,

Have faith, do not give up For He who sweat great drops of blood

Was spit upon, the Son of God.

He bowed and drank the cup.

And when Death's icy, chilly dart

Pierces and wounds thy grief-struck heart,

Faint not, though hope be dead

Even when the ghastly, hideous grave

Opens wide its jaws, and none can save He feels—thorns crowned His head,

When friends forsake and traitors smile

With calumny and hatred vile, Hold fast! retain thy name.

For, while in agonizing throes

And rocked with pain upon the cross,

His own put Him to shameWhen Death remorseless steals away

Those from our midst we fain would stay,

Submit—and bow thy head See! there's a silver lining in the cloud.

Anon the voice shall cry aloud

Ho! Grave; give up thy dead.

And when thou hast drained the very dregs

Of sorrow's cup, and mercy begs,

He'll give it—once He wept;

Take comfort, let these words suffice:

"This day with me in Paradise,"

For thou, the faith has kept.

Tho'demons rage and fiends conspire,

And threaten thee with torments dire;

Yield not.

"Hold fast the Rod."Tho'forty days and nights transpired

He yielded not—tho'sick and tired,

He trusted in His God.

Thou may'st be slain by 'carnate fiends,

An outcast, 'reitofhome and friends,

He, fainting, yet died true.

For He, in agonizing woes Cried "Father, O, forgive my foes, They know not what they do."Thcu may'st be cast in dungeons cold

As were God's holy men of old,

Ammon, Peter, Paul But He, who burst the silent tomb

Can penetrate the prison's gloom

And make thy shackles fall.

An outcast, famishing for bread,

And ne'er a place to lay thy head;

Repine not, 'tis for good.

For He who bade the manna fall

Can hear thy wail, thy plaintive call;

He gives the ravens food.

Tho'every friend on earth forsake,

An thou'st helped, thy lite would take,

Fear not, thy God can see For when thou'rt called to leave this clay,

These words thy lips shall surely say;

"Nearer my God to Thee!"If through the fiery furnace tried,

God's grace to thee shall be supplied

Thy dross is not divine The flames, though fierce, will purify,

Yea, fit thy soul to dwell on high Thy gold shall brighter shine.

Chas. L.

U'a/ier.

St. George, 1896.

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A TALE OF THE BUCHANAN WAR.

X.

"Life,"answered Captain Saxey to his friend Sherwood, "is prettymuch what we make of it;

good, bad.

or indifferent.

But, really, Sherwood, I wish you would take an old friend's advice, and let these Mormon women alone.

You know these people are nearly wild with fear anyway, and I think it the height of folly for us to add to their discomfiture.""I can't imagine how I am going to hurt anybody by falling in love with a pretty girl, and even marrying her, if worst comes to worst."''You know quite well, old fellow, you would never dream ot marrying one of these uneducated, uncultured western girls, and when you remember that she is of Mormon stock, what an absurdity!

Why, what do you think your people duwn in Louisiana would think of such a thing?

Give it up, Clem, give it up.""Say, Saxey."and the young officer turned and faced his companion, reining in his horse to a halt that he might look the other fairly in the eyes, "I want you to tell me what you or I or any of the rest of our fellows are going to do out here, thousands of miles from home and civilization, and unable to reach any of its necessities?

I say, what are we all going to do?

You know well enough that I can't and I won't run any such risks as the common men do.

Fancy it; you would not wish me to; and I certainly need the love and tenderness of a dear little woman, such as one of these girls.""I am more than surprised, Clem, to hear you speak so coolly of the ruin of a good, innocent girl.

What can possess you?""What can possess you, my blessed friend?

Where have you learned your lessons of life, if not in the school of experience?

Love is a beautiful leveler, and as lovers, your gentleman and your common soldier meet in a sense on the same ground.

I have no desire to love such creatures as squaws, or the low camp followers.

My instincts have been from my ancestors, those of a gentleman; but I must be in love with somebody, and lucky it is for me that I have such delightful material to waste a bit of my time and heart's affection upon.

You see, I am refined enough to wish even my bacon to be of the choicest cut, and fricasseed to the most delicate brown, instead of fried in huge slices and served with chunks of bread."They were riding slowly on through the dust and heat, and the elder officer turned and looked keenly into the face of handsome Capt.

Sherwood, who was stroking his small black mustache, and smiling at his inward fancies.

"Sherwood,"he said at last, "I must confess that I have never in my life realized the full meaning of all you imply until this very hour.

I, too, have allowed myself to float down the current of custom and have done and said many things which, it seems to me now, in my present mood, were unmanly as well as impure.

True, my father and all my friends have done the same things, and I have never stopped to ask myself or any one else any questions in regard to the matter, but, well, in fact, things look a little different now.""What has changed the current of your opinions, my wise friend?""Something in the face of that haughty girl, as she looked her disdain to you, and the look of fierce hatred which that huge, red-bearded fellow gave you as he passed you, has set me to thinking.

Maybe we are as guilty of crime in hunting out these people as were the Roman soldiers when they burned the Christians at the stake."Sherwood gazed with more and

55o JOHN S TE VENS 'CO UR TSHIP.

more astonishment at the words of his friend, and at the close of the little, conscience-stricken speech, he burst into a hearty peal of laughter, and again and again he laughed as he recalled the absurdity of such a comparison.

"You must excuse me, old boy, but it is too utterly funny for words;

these adulterous, ignorant, impudent

Mormons to be compared to the ancient Christians.

Ha, ha, ha!"The elder man winced a little under the fire of ridicule, but his own sense of right and honor told him his position was the true one, and he felt stealing over him a contempt and repugnance for a man who could so recklessly plan the destruction of innocent, helpless girls.

The soldiers reached the outlines of their own camp late that afternoon, and as Captain Saxey gazed at the crowded hive of huts and tents, filled with men, a few women, and many squaws, which composed the village just across the stream from Camp Floyd, he felt a sense of horror and dislike to all that this motley crowd signified, which he had never before felt, and which was as surprising as it was new to him.

Camp Flovd had been laid out with the care and skill which characterized all the labors of Col. Johnstone.

To the hillside lay the officers'quarters, while down a little lower were stationed the quarters of the men, with the parade ground between.

Outside the camp, and across the bridge which spanned the small mountain stream, was a collection of rude log huts, one or two small adobe houses, and a great many tents ot all sizes.

Here were gathered the usual camp followers, those who did the store-keeping, the washing, ironing, the makers and vendors of every commodity bought and sold in a camp.

In this place all were sheltered.

Men were there, some few, decent and eager only for the labor and exchange of money for that labor which came to them;

others willing to buy and sell anything on earth which could be traded off.

The most of them were drunken, carousing, miserable wretches, possessed of no impulse but that of selfish and sensual gratification.

Here, a coarse woman, with a flaunting air and a ribald jest, passed through the throng, and there a squaw sat by the roadside, her eyes red with the whiskey she had sold herself for, and her face horrible with its soulless leer of savage, half-drunken invitation.

A wave of horror passed over Saxey's sensitive face, as this accustomed scene appeared to him for the first time in his life in its true colors.

He almost hated himself that he was a man.

Sherwood noticed nothing unusual, and as they p*assed a woman with a red scarf across her shoulder, he tossed her a coin, as he said lightly:

"There is enough for two drunks,

Liz, and don't try to run them both into one, either, for the last time, you raised such a row that the Colonel threatened to have this whole place cleaned out/'Louisiana Liz, as she was called, screamed back her thanks, and with her large, dark but bleared and bloodshot eyes she flashed up at the young man her most fascinating glance.

Arrived at their own quarters, the officers were met by an orderly who instructed them to report at headquarters that evening.

"I particularly request you gentlemen,"said Col. Johnstone, "not so much in a military capacity, as in the name of decency and honor, to remain as much as possible in your own quarters, and keep away from these Mormon villages.

As for the men, I wish you to deal severely with any of them who go f >r from camp, and in fact I wish all done that can be done to keep down unnecessary excitement.

You understand, gentlemen.""I wonder if the gallant Colonel imagines that any one is going to

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

obey strictly his orders and requests.

Why, ".said Sherwood, as the two Captains were returning to their own tents, "he is either very simple or else very tame if he expects either officers or men are to be entirely restricted in making some sport out of this dead, dreary and absurd campaign.""I think the Colonel is entirely right myself, Sherwood, and so far as I am concerned, I shall do what I can to carry out his orders.

Even to report delinquents, both officers as well as men,"he added significantly, as he gave a quick glance at his companion.

"Oh, well, catching comes before hanging is a true, if a vulgar proverb, so I bid you a pleasant good-night."

As the young Captain turned into his own tent, he was surprised to find a figure dimly outlined by the sputtering tallow candle, crouching near his bunk.

"What on earth are you doing here, Liz, don't you know it would mean severe punishment to you and disgrace to me, if you were found inside these lines?"The Creole laughed with a low sneering sound and answered softly.

"Do you think I have forgotten all the lessons of my youth, learned in the silent swamps of our early home?

Fear not, the snake herself is not more silent, nor the night-bird more swift in her flight than I.

Fear not."And she laughed again, with a quiet, mirthless chuckle.

The days and weeks of the dry, brilliant summer and autumn flew along with dusty, burnished wings.

For some time the efforts of the commanding officer at Camp Floyd were measurably successful in restraining undue intercourse between his men and the people of the neighboring settlements..

In the city of Great Salt Lake the affairs of the people went on with much the same regularity and soberness which had always characterized them.

Yet, underneath every act and word, one could feel the current of silent expectation and preparation among this hunted people;

expectation of anything sudden and vicious which the army of Utah might attempt to do;

and a consequent preparation for defense and perhaps war.

President Young was threatened continually in divers ways; by anonymous letters;

by wild and erratic apostates, and he knew through reports of authorized agents, that no effort would be spared by the District

Judges or the military force to put his freedom and his life in jeopardy.

Around him, therefore, there were gathered a trusty band of his bravest and best friends; and among those, be sure was found our good friend, John Stevens.

His watch at the President's office came at night, and he was therefore prevented from attending many of the frolics and bails which still went on in every part of the city.

For Brigham Young knew his people too well to allow other and less innocent occupations to usurp the place of the loved dance and amateur theater.

On Christmas eve, of 1858, there was to be a magnificent ball given in the fine, new Social Hall.

Oh, the blessed memories clinging around that dear old hall!

What scenes of revelry, innocent, sweet and pure, have been celebrated in its massive grey walls What hearts have met their fate.

What lips have spoken the words of love eternal, while mingling in the happy dance of old and young, rich and poor!

No class distinctions ever marred the festivities of that generous place! No separation of old folks from the young ever jarred upon the spirit of mutual love and confidence.

And what wonderful plays were enacted by that remakable company of players, headed by James Ferguson and

Mrs. Gibson!

Dear are these precious memories to the children of the pioneers;

for here within these walls they learned, through definite

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

object lessons, that religion was not merely a Sabbath affair, put on as a cloak.

Ah, no;

it entered into the very center of pulsating life and emotion, and was shown in the innocent, religious pleasures, as well as the simple, trustful sorrows of this blessed people!

"I am going to bring my dress over to your house, Dian,"said Ellen Tyler, "and get ready with you, for I want you to fix my hair, you have such lovely taste.

I never look so well as when you arrange my hair and dress.

And then I can get the use of your looking-glass, too."And Ellen did look lovely.

She had a new pink, print dress, and print dresses in those days were as superior to the common calicoes of today, as are the prices of today cheaper than were those early standards of values.

The skirt was made with dainty, flying ruffles, nearly to the waist, and edged with the prettiest of hand crochetted lace; while the waist, full and gathered into the belt, was fitted with bellowing, billowy sleeves of bishop shape.

At the belt and near the left shoulder, were flying bows of pink ribbon; while peeping behind the right ear, a tiny bow of pink made the chestnut brown hair richer for its suggestive contrast.

"Ellie, dear, you look just like one of Aunt Clara's spice pinks!

I never saw you look so lovely.

I could hug you myself for very admiration."Dian stood afar off from her friend, admiring the picture, and approaching

Ellen at last, she bestowed upon the soft, pale cheek, a small pinch, to give the dear chin and cheeks the delicate tint to complete the picture.

"Well, its no use telling you how you look, Dian, for I am sure you know it so well yourself, the fact of your own magnificent charm, that it is nonsense for anyone to try and flatter you.""Are you making fun of me, Ellie?"queried Diantha, as she turned around from the tiny looking-glass to ask her question.

"I know well enough that I have a passably good form, and that I do have some taste in dressing myself; but I hate these ugly red cheeks and chin, and would give anything in this world for your clear, pale complexion."The girl looked with a positive gleam of anger in her flashing blue eyes at the image of herself reflected in the glass, and muttered as she pretended to pinch her own rosetinted cheeks, "Oh, you ugly, scarlet, hateful things, how

I hate you.""It makes me unhappy, Dian, to hear you call yourself ugly.

You know God has blessed you with rare gifts of face and form, and yOu ought not to speak as you do, let alone feeling so wicked about your red cheeks.

They are lovely to me.

They always make me feel as if I would like to take a bite out of them, like I would out of a red, June apple."Dian was almost in tears now, at such a homely, un-poetic comparison, and her friend hastened to change the conversation.

"Say, Dian, do you think John Stevens can get off tonight to come down to the ball?

I feel as if half of my fun would be gone without him.""Oh, I don't know, I am sure.

I haven't seen John for weeks.

He is up at the President's office night and day, I guess.""Well, I will have to flirt with Tom Allen, I guess, for I must have some fun with somebody.

I am just wild for a frolic.

I can't hardly wait for Tom to come, I want to get to the party so much."The girl was indeed full of the vitality of youth and health, and her pulse danced and tingled with expectant pleasure.

She was young, lovely and loving, and she longed for love and admiration.

Who could blame her?

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

Arrived at the hall, the girls left their escorts at the door, and hurried into the crowded dressing room under the stage.

What hand-shakings and laughing exchange of greetings! What merry peals of gentle laughter!

What garrulous exchanges of confidences as to the causes and effects of the day's labors and pleasures, were buzzing in the low-ceiled, square dressing room that happy night!

Up from the region below, came the fragrant odor of baking meats, and sputtering fried cakes.

A small army of cooks were busy preparing the elaborate supper;

for this was one of the good old-time parties, at which the tickets cost two dollars and a half in scrip, or less in cash, at which the guests came at early dark, and after dancing for three or four houca^they were served at the loaded tables in the basement, with all the luxuries and delicacies of mountain iood and mountain cooking;

at which, after eating heartily of the supper, all were ready then for the dance to be renewed until the early morning hours, at which at any time all were glad to cease from the merry quadrilles, and listen to the wise or witty remarks of the Presidency of the Church, who were always the merriest and best dancers in the room.

At which, also, there were no unholy passions and no impure thoughts or words engendered by frequent round-dancing of novel-reading youths.

"Did you ever see Diantha and Ellie look so pretty, in your life?"asked more than one unselfish mother, as the two girls came up the little stairway under the stage into the main hall, followed by their cavaliers.

I have described my friend, Diantha, so many times to you, that

I am sure you can picture her to yourself this night, in her simple, straightskirted, white slip, with no ornament save the pale gold of her luminous hair, and the pink and white of her glorious complexion.

She herself hated her chief charm, the warm, rich coloring, which gave such glowing life and fascinating vitality to the otherwise somewhat cold expression and haughty air.

Both the girls danced with keenest enjoyment, and each was beseiged with partners, for both were recognized belles in their own circle.

Ellen Tyler watched and waited in vain for the appearance of her beloved friend, John Stevens.

She had never heard a word of love from his lips; indeed, she had never given him direct encouragement to offer such words;

but she knew that, with a little insistance on his part, she could pour out to him the wealth of her young heart.

And with all her swarm of admirers, she was unsatisfied, and yearning for the love that had never been offered her.

Yet, she was too sweet and womanly to think for a moment of showing more interest in any man than his own interest in her justified.

And so she waited and watched, trying to dance always in the set nearest the stairway which led to the outer north entrance of the hall.

She was not particularly surprised when a small boy came up to her and whispered that a gentleman outside wished to speak to her a moment.

"Oh,"she murmured in her heart, "it must be John."She threw a shawl around her in passing the dressing room, and followed the boy outside.

She saw no one when she got in the lane, and was about to turn around and go back to the hall, for the lane looked very dark and forbidding at that late hour.

Just as she turned, a man, in a dark cloak enveloping his whole form, stepped out from the east corner of the building and with a low bow, said softly:

"Forgive me, Miss Tyler, but the sight of heaven tempted me to try and draw out the angel, if but for one moment.

I am lonesome, a Strang-

JOHrv STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

er, and full of longing for the acquaintance of a good woman, be she sister or friend."Ellen recognized the voice of her soldier aquaintance, and she involuntarily shrank back from him.

"Do not shrink from me, dear, sweet, gentle spirit.

I am but a lonely, unhappy man, so near to a paradise of laughter, love and music, and yet unable to partake of one single element of all the glory that I see.

You remember, even the angels are not ashamed to pity."

Just then someone turned into the lane from the sidewalk, and Ellen hurriedly turned away to enter the deep doorway.

As she turned, she felt a note thrust into her hand and then she was once more inside the safe precincts of the lighted, noisy building, and she put the note deep down in her pocket for future consideration.

When she once more made her way into the dancing hall, she was surprised to find John Stevens dancing on the floor, and with no less a person than her dear friend, Diantha

Willis.

She wondered how she had missed him, but reflected that he must have come in while she was in the dressing room hunting her shawl.

"He will soon come to me."she whispered to herself, and waited impatiently for that coming.

But he did not come.

Diantha and he danced together the second and the third time, and as Ellen had refused to dance, and was sitting on the side benches, she could easily follow them as they moved through the mazes of quadrille and reel.

Diantha's cheeks were glowing, and her eyes looked like blazingstars of azure hue, while her lips were like the red balls on the winter wild rose bushes.

She floated around with a rythmical grace, that was always so bewitching an accomplishment of this queenly beauty.

Ellen watched and listened.

She was too shrewd not to detect some meaning beneath all this, and she knew that there was more than the usual effort to fascinate, in the manner of her friend Dian.

As for John, he seemed almost another man.

Talk about blazing eyes—his almost burned into flame as he kept his intense gaze fastened upon the uplifted glances of his companion.

He said little, Ellen could see that; but his look and his manner as he came near his dancing partner betrayed his whole secret.

And it was the first time, too.

For never before had he received such open, such undisguised encouragement from the girl beside him.

"John never looked at me like that,"whispered Ellen to her own heart, "Never, never!''The two dancers were so absorbed in each other, that they gave no heed whatever to anyone about them, and so it came to pass that the brief space of time spent by John in that eventful ball, was spent entirely in the society of Diantha Willis.

Ellen's enjoyment was all over.

She felt nothing but a thrill of almost jealous regret, mingled with a passionate wish for another love to prove to this man that she could be loved;

and she felt as well an intense desire for the love itself.

She was such a loving, gentle, clinging nature, love to her was not an incident, it was life itself;

it was all existence.

When she was safely at home she opened her note and read it by the light of her modest tallow candle.

"My dear youngfriend:

"I trust you will pardon the seeming forwardness of this letter.

Yours is such a gentle, forgiving nature, that you can but excuse, especially when you know that the act is prompted by as deep an affection and as earnest an admiration as could be bestowed by the heart of man.

I am heartsick and alone.

I find myself filled with a love which is as hopeless as it is pafsionate;

will you not let me at least have the mournful pleasure of expressing that love, although I know too well its helpless character?

You are so good, so pure that it cannot hurt you to become the one star of peace in a stran-

Ml COLLEGE DAYS.

ger's dark horizon.

I would offer you all the love, protection and devotion usual to my own walk in life, if I knew that I dared.

"At least, let me have the opportunity of telling you, once for all, the love that fills my whole being for the angel who saved my life at the risk of the anger and ostracism of her own people.

I will be at the northeast corner of the block on which you live with a sleigh, every evening after 9 o'clock, for a week.

If you wear a white scarf over your head I shall see you in the distance, and know you are coming.

"I am forever your hopeless, despairing

Lover."The note was written on heavy, cream tinted paper.

It bore a beautiful crest or monogram in one corner, and it was sealed delicately with pink sealing-wax, stamped with a signet ring, which bore the device of some ancient English baron, and it was filled with a delicate perfumery, whose odor floated around her like a visible presence;

filling even the room with its delicious presence.

Homespun.

(To be continued.) MY COLLEGE DAYS.

IX.

We shall now turn to the celebration of Washington's birthday.

Rather than to speak of it in general terms I prefer to take one particular occasion and describe it somewhat minutely.

On this great day the law students always prepare a program.

It seems to me now that I had not seen the University students really celebrate until the twenty-second of February in 1892.

The U. of M.

Daily and the bulletin boards announced that Grover Cleveland, at that time ExPresident, would be the orator.

At nine o'clock on this day the students were ready for marching to the depot to receive the distinguished visitor, and an hour later found juniors, seniors, sophomores and freshmen of all'classes lined up along both sides of the street near the station.

The '93 lits, justly called "the banner class,"had the greatest variety and the largest number of colors flying; the '92 class, the then "pale faced seniors with the studious looks,"thinking that dignity is of greater worth than banners, stood enshrouded in the former, but under none of the latter, while the juniors stood under their waving colors in justified, manly dignity.

The sophomores, poor things, that class of '94 had done nothing by way of taking honors.

The '95's always say of them, that they were beaten in every contest, and now they appeared, not under the football banner, not under the baseball banner, not under colors of honor, but with a large transparency carried above them, on which were written such sentences as: "We are the People,""Watch our Smoke,"etc.

The freshmen, the '95's, had not been in the University long, but in our breasts were implanted an unflinching determination and an unceasing longing to repay the wrongs we had suffered at the hands of the sophomores.

They had laughed at us, they had called us that meanest of mean words, "fresh,"and in their oracle they had said everything ridiculous about us.

These things, and the unkind treatment they had given us at our banquet, could not be forgotten.

Already our eyes had been opened somewhat, and we began to see our strength. While waiting at the depot we were supposed to do nothing more than practice a few class yells however, we sent word along our lines that before reaching the University, '94 's transparency must come down.

All laughing and the planning of rushes ceased, every eye brightened.

MY COLLEGE DAYS

every ear listened, and all hearts beat more quickly when a long, loud whistle announced the inrushing train.

The large, steaming engine seemed proud as it dashed up with its light special, and stopped suddenly.

Cheer followed cheer, and shout followed shout, until the ex-president appeared on the platform, at which moment, the applause was given a long and fitting climax.

Amid class yells and college shouts, Mr. Cleveland took his place in an open carriage by the side of President Angell.

Like mad men, the students jumped and cheered and screamed, while the distinguished guest rode between with his head uncovered, nodding first on one side and then the other, in recognition of the hearty reception given him.

When the carriages had gone by, the students followed.

Just ahead of us was our enemy.

The word had gone forth, the transparency must come down.

At a signal, spurred on by the remembrance of wrongs received every '95 sprang forward; a terrible charge was made;

the transparency tottered;

a few more husky freshmen got hold of it; one by one the sophomores are dragged away, and lo!

the banner fell.

Time after time, again and again, '94 rushed forward to regain what remained of their treasure, but each time only. added another to their long list of failures.

When the battle was over we were covered with mud, our clothes were torn and out of order, each had his hair uncombed and many hats were crushed.

On every freshman's brow was perspiration, and in every freshman's eye was victory;

on every sophomore's brow was perspiration, and in every sophomore's eye, defeat.

Having been successful in defeating our enemy, we marched on proudly with our spoils, and watched the operations of the other class men.

We were especially amused by the doings of the senior laws.

Marching was exceedingly unpleasant, after the thaw which occurred the night before, and some members of the class had refused to take places in the line.

Picture one of these senior laws.

He is standing in front of an Ann Arbor dwelling, one of the most beautiful, while by his side is the young lady with whom he spends many of the evenings he ought to spend with his books; near by is the lady's mother and a few of her intimate lady friends.

In all the dignity possible, this senior law, looking over his high collar and under his black silk hat, points with his clean, slim finger, through a large, white cuff, as he explains to his admiring friends, what he considers the most interesting parts of the procession.

Filled with the deepest pride, he looks anxiously along the line and finally exclaims:

"There they come!

See!

The senior laws are just turnng the corner!

Our President is ahead;

see him on the left, he is an intimate friend of mine;"and thus he points out the celebrated members of the class, and proudly boasts of being on the most intimate terms with all of them.

Five or six men leave the ranks and run towards their proud classmate.

To his lady friends, the student near the house names these men, all of whom he knows well;

they are on the run; they come nearer and nearer towards their happy and contented classmate, whom they invite to join them, but he scornfully refuses.

There is no time to wait and no time to coax.

Without hesitancy they lay hold of him;

they pick up his silk hat when it falls in the mud, but they do not take time to clean it.

To kicking, to loud talk and to anger, they pay no heed.

Good-naturedly they carry him into line, amid the cheers and hearty laughter of their fellows.

As soon as the angry man is free, he starts back to his lady friends as fast as patent leather shoes and new pressed broadcloth pants can travel in mud

MY COLLEGE DA)S.

and snow, but he is soon caught and again he is good-naturedly placed in line, while no attention is paid to his mad threats and ravings.

Thus operations continue until the procession has gone through the principal streets of the city and stopped in front of university hall, where a few cheers and college shouts are given, and the crowd disbands.

Those classes that had gained material conquests, hurried away to safe places in which to divide their spoils.

From that memorable day until graduation, pieces of '94's transparency adorned many of the rooms wherein lived members of the class of '95The parade ended about twelve o'clock, and as early as twelvethirty, persons began gathering about the doors, so as to get good seats for the exercises which were to begin at two.

In the galleries of university hall, places were reserved for each literary, each medical and each dental class.

The seats of honor, those down-stairs in the pit, were reserved for the laws who had arranged the program for the day.

Any description I can write of what transpired, while the vast audience gathered in the hall, must be mild, indeed, when compared with the reality.

Everybody was shouting, everybody was filled with enthusiasm.

All eyes were wide open, watching for something to be ridiculed.

When the janitor stepped upon the rostrum with a pitcher of fresh water, the students shouted, "Speech! Speech!

Speech!"And when he had continued his work in silence for a few moments, the shout was changed to "Louder!

Louder!

Louder!"A few moments later the noise quieted somewhat, giving an opportunity for shouting something so it could be heard, if there were only something to say.

That something came in the form of a poor stranger, who, without removing his hat, walked down the aisle to a seat near the front.

Two or three times to every step, the students shouted, "Hat!

Hat!

Hat!

Hat!

but the hat remained unmoved.

In a few moments, a rubber, apparently aimed at the hat, came whirling from the gallery, striking a noisy law, who sprang to his feet with a bound and hurled the rubber back, hitting a quiet senior lit, who was apparently studying out some philosophic problem.

Every throw brought another man into the fight, so that soon, not one, but many rubbers were flying in the rubber battle.

In the end the laws who were sitting below got most of the rubbers, and with them most ot the sore heads.

When the battle had ceased the hat had vanished, and no one inquired after it.

Now to the program.

College sports, and games, and celebrations, are often exaggerated;

college men and women not infrequently think ot their exercises as having been more wonderful than they were, yet I say in all soberness that it seems to me the scene I am about to describe could hardly be overdrawn.

Three thousand students are assembled all full of life and fun, enthusiasm and patriotism, the door back of the large rostrum opens, then President Angell steps in followed by President

Cleveland.

The applause swells immediately to the deafening point.

The vast audience arises, and the ladies wave their handkerchiefs, while the coats and hats and canes of the gentlemen fly in the air.

Grover Cleveland, that strong-minded man, that powerful statesman, after walking to the front and taking a chair, sits like a marble statue listening to the prolonged and repeated applause, which is not the howl of a political gathering, not the shout of office seekers, nor the cheer of hunters after wealth, but the heartfelt expression of three thousand young, vigorous and innocent pa-

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE:

triots.

Although loud to the deafening point, the applause was under perfect control; when the yell master stepped forward and beat the time, every voice joined in that dear old patriotic Michigan yell.

In concert the audience spelled the name of little Ruth, then pronounced it; and with one voice they shouted, "How do you do Mr. Cleveland?"So impressive were the yells, so touching the shouts that all felt themselves shiver, and so much surprised and astonished and pleased was Mr.

Cleveland that he could only sit in silence while the tears coursed down his cheeks.

When President Angell stepped forward the noise of the applause was changed to breathless silence almost instantly, so that his words announcing the members on the program in a natural and easy way, could be heard distinctly in every part of that large hall.

The University glee club sang, the banjo club played, and President Cleveland delivered his oration.

Of the singing and playing of the University boys I have already spoken, therefore I shall say nothing more about it.

Of the oration I shall say this, it was not sublimely oratorical in either composition or delivery, it was merely a good talk to young men;

it was a talk filled with fatherly advice from beginning to close;

the expressions therein contained, however, could come from no other than an honest and noble heart.

In the evening of this same day a reception was held for President Cleveland in the courthouse, closing the celebration of Washington's birthday in Ann Arbor for 1892.

I remember this reception well. A large crowd stood at the east side of the building waiting to be admitted.

No one seemed to be pushing much, but everybody seemed to be pushing a little, and all these little pushes together made the most terrible "rush"that I have ever known.

When women fainted from being so terribly crowded it was almost impossible to get them out of the jam.

There was plenty of time to back up and rush forward again and again, for only one was admitted at a time, so that the people could pass the President in single file.

As the individuals came forward Mr.

Cleveland shook each one's hand heartily and gave to all the same look which seemed to say, "Well, who is this?

just the man I am looking for, step aside a moment I wish to learn something about you."This moment of hearty welcome raises one on the tip-toe of his pride, only to leave him feeling thoroughly forsaken when the hearty handshake, with the cast-iron look and smile are taken from him and given to the next.

Thus that day ended;

the students had enjoyed the celebration and President Cleveland had been given a hearty reception.

Richard R. Lyman.

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

The historic 4th of October, 1795, marks the turning point of the most stupendous and important drama recorded in the history of man.

A mighty, popular movement in which were directly involved the interests, the happiness, the desires, the misfortunes of twenty millions of Frenchmen, and indirectly the social, political and industrial status of Continental Europe, had attained a culminating point, now to be focalized, directed and marshalled by the matchless genius whose name and fame will live through the unfolding centuries and reverberate to the last echoes of the deep future, as long as man continues to indulge cherishing

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

memories of the achievements of the great and heroic dead.

The fourteenth successor from Hugh Capet, Count of Paris, Louis XIV., established a system under which was to be initiated the germ destined to bud and develop into the mightiest revolution in the history of the world.

The policy of an avaricious and selfish theocracy, controlled and manipulated by venal, wicked and rapacious theologians,.

had for centuries suppressed with consummate adroitness and success the intellectual advancement of man.

It was at this epoch under the growing genius of liberalism that men began to think, began to awaken to a just appreciation of their profound enslavement and to contrive means to effect their emancipation.

When the right to independent thought asserts itself amongst an oppressed people, it is well for the oppressor to beware.

The triumph of the American Revolution added fuel to the flame of the spirited sentiment of democracy that in 1789 deeply pervaded every province of the French Empire.

The constitution of 1789 was the embodiment of the purest and most exalted democracy.

It decreed the dissolution of the old regime.

Royalty must go;

feudalism, the innovation of a dark age that had made of France a wilderness of ruin, want and misery, must be hurled to its destruction in the irresistible avalanche;

hereditary castes and distinctions, peerage, kingly prerogatives and privileged orders, in fact every vestige of monarchy, with all its coercive and pernicious accessories, must be exterminated from the fair face of France.

Thus the Revolution assumes a practical phase.

The popular representatives of the

Constituent Assembly began their deliberations.

The contemplated substitute for the ancient order is discussed with vehemence and impetuosity.

On the 14th of July that ugly and ghastly symbol of monarchy, cruelty and oppression, the Bastile, had accomplished its atrocious appointments—it becomes a hideous monument of ruins.

The people heave a sigh of relief, exulted, breathe easier.

Bloody heads, mounted on pikes, are hoisted and carried by howling, raging mobs through the streets of Paris.

The nobility fly to the frontier—their estates are confiscated.

The wild passions of rage and fear, the murderous halo of Parisian atmosphere, impels the king to seek safety in flight.

He is apprehended and condemned to the guillotine.

A coalition is formed against France.

Austria and Prussia dispatch armies to restore the dethroned

Bourbon.

All France moves as a unit to repel the common foe.

The grand aspirations, the sublime hopes of an afflicted people, born of privation, unutterable woe and misery ostensibly so near successful fruition, must not be stifled and destroyed by foreign intervention.

"Liberty, equality, the indivisibility of the Republic,"was the universal cry, and patriots rushed from every home with the tri-colored cockade to swell the grand conscription in defense of France.

Fortune smiles—the mighty engines of the revolution continue their course.

The plebians are scoring victory, they rejoice;

but France is bleeding heavily.

Murder and assassination fill the cities.

The shrieks and cries and yells of the unfortunate victims fill up many days.

The bloody reign of terror is raging with relentless fury everywhere.

Will the principles of '89 become established?

The national convention is controlled by the revolutionary mob.

It drafts a new constitution.

An insurrection follows; thirty thousand of the National

Guard march to the Tuilleries.

It is the fourth of October, 1795.

They are defeated, dispersed; three thousand soldiers lav dead, in the streets of Paris.

The forty-eight

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

sections are disarmed, and before the sun sinks and is lost in the western sky, all is still and quiet throughout the stricken city.

A new era dawns on the world.

A mighty genius arises, asserts his personality.

It is at once felt.

The fortunes of France and of Europe become changed.

The destiny of France is inseparably linked with its master—she greatly needs such a master.

The history of France and Napoleon, for fifteen years, is the history of France or Napoleon; they are the same.

He is the armed soldier of the Revolution; without him its principles must fail, and monarchy return; the sacrifices, the sighs, the prayers and tears of an oppressed nation must all be in vain.

Lodi, Areola, Rivoli established the military grandeur and genius of the young Corsican general.

The eyes of all Europe behold his grand achievements with awe and admiration.

France is glorified and exalted.

The strife of revolutionary factions sinks and melts in the universal exultation and pride that swells the bosom of every French patriot.

Austria is defeated and humiliated.

It is but the partial administration of a just retribution and chastisement for her unwarranted intervention in the domestic affairs of France, her effort to destroy a movement aimed at the prerogative of kingly power.

The Directory at home fears the impending crisis.

Its dissolution is inevitable—France demands it.

The new government is decided and formed.

Napoleon is placed at the head of the consulate, by a vote of three millions and a half of people as against one thousand five hundred.

All departments of the government receive a new impulse.

Trade revives;

the wheels of commerce and industry move with accelerated motion;

peace, happiness and prosperity settle in the provinces.

Confidence and fidelity has superseded distrust and disaffection.

The latest triumph of political wisdom invests the government with a type of permanency and stability.

The hero of famous battles displays remarkable statesmanship; consummate administrative capacity.

Barras remarks that "Nature seems to have exhausted all her resources in the creation of a Bonaparte."The people recognize the master spirit who brought them so much glory accomplished their liberation.

They are profoundly grateful to him;

their hearts go out in love to the preserver of France, the child of destiny; they are eternally and irrevocably attached to Napoleon—he is their protector;

they are his children.

Suddenly forty thousand men are moving amongst the clouds, contending for footholds in narrow passes and defiles among the crags and peaks of lofty mountains.

The summit of the mighty Alps is reached.

The soldiers regale themselves at the Convent of the Hospitalers, with a glass of wine.

They drink to the success of France.

The dangerous descent down the eastern slope begins.

The flourishing fields of rye, nodding and waving in the gentle zephrys of Marengo, is soon to become converted into a bloody mattress, on which thirty thousand heroic soldiers spend their last earthly moments.

The battle of Marengo secured immortality to the French general.

The enterprise of crossing the Alps, is one of the most stupendous and daring recorded in the annals of military achievement.

The name of Napoleon is henceforth associated with the greatest generals of the world.

The attachment and admiration of France is at once vindicated in electing him consul for life.

England violates the treaty of Amiens by refusing to surrender the Island of Malta.

The first consul contrives an elaborate project for the invasion of England.

Two hundred thousand men are drilling along the French

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

56i coast of the English channel.

Ships are to be dispatched to various parts of the ocean to decoy and mislead the English.

At a given signal they are to be recalled and make a descent upon London.

The scheme is partly successful, when news comes of the formation of a gigantic coalition against France by the allied powers of Austria, Russia, England and Denmark.

The elements of imperialism have been consolidated, and

Napoleon marches as the Emperor of the French at the head of a grand army to the conquest of Europe.

The war presents a grand, awful spectacle.

The most desperate and brilliant battles of the modern world are to add undying lustre to the victorious French.

Ulm, Austerlitz, Jena and Friedland are each of them conquests.

They impart decision to vast interests comprising many millions of population.

The grand coalition against France is again destroyed.

Napoleon becomes king among kings.

He dictates peace on a raft to the assembled sovereigns in the Niemen.

The European world is astounded, paralyzed.

The terrible success of the French is bewildering.

Their enemies are struck with consternation and amazement.

Like the ancient pagans when Alaric entered triumphantly into the Imperial City and destroyed indiscriminately their pagan divinities, their sacred institutions and sanctuaries, belief in their supernatural power received a fatal blow they were at once divested of their divine character.

So now human nature displays the same tendencies—the Divine right of kings, the sacredness of their personality is beginning to be impeached and questioned; the spirit of democracy settles amongst them, it takes on the milder aspect;

hitherto they have been fighting to protect their soveigns. their rights and prerogatives.

The tyrants must now make concessions if they would aspire to victory.

And so it is seen that Austria grants local franchises and abolishes serfdom;

Prussia likewise makes concession.

Henceforth those nations fight with the same noble enthusiasm and exalted patriotism that inspired and actuated the French.

Monarchy has been compelled to make a partial abdication in favor of democracy to secure the unity and consolidation of its strength.

Napoleon is now at the height of his power and glory.

He replies to the Orders in Council of England by his Berlin and Milan decrees; he declares a continental blocade;

it is retaliatory against England, to destroy her commerce.

These measures affect disastrously the commercial relations of all Europe;

their consequences are felt in every home.

The Pope's refusal to accede to the new conditions imposed results in his honorable imprisonment by the Emperor.

This action, however justifiable, together with his unfortunate interference with the affairs of Spain, were the grand and irreparable mistakes of his life, for which he and France must suffer dearly.

The imprisonment of the Pope aroused the indignation of every Catholic throughout Europe.

They clamored for revenge;

the humiliation of such an act, they conceived must not go unpunished.

The affair of Spain was most unfortunate.

Charles the IV and Boniface the VII both solicited his assistance;

it was son against father fighting for the crown.

The invitation to accept their overtures was too powerful to be resisted.

He thought he foresaw the acquisition of a new territory;

a new ally.

It would enhance his, power, the splendor and glory of France.

These were the seductive considerations that determined his action and finally brought him to Waterloo.

His conduct, however, was logical and consistent, but his enemies misconstrued his motives.

They said he sought only his material aggrandisement, the accomplishment of selfish, ambitious designs.

It at least had

NAPOLEON BONAPAR TE

.

the result of alienatingthe attachment of many former adherents of his grand policy of the nationalization of

Europe, the preservation and consolidation of which was indispensible to the attainment of ultimate success.

The domestic affairs of Napoleon, hitherto so completely satisfactory and brilliant, now took an unfortunate and astonishing turn.

Josephine, who "was the model of the graces,"with all its fascinations, with whom Napoleon had spent the happiest moments of his life, was now to become his divorced wife.

The contingency of having any children under existing matrimonial arrangements was altogether remote and improbable.

His ambition was to have an heir of the blood, that his name and glory might be perpetuated in his own proper person; and to accomplish this, he solicited the hand of the proud Hapsburg of Austria, an alliance fraught with incalculable disaster.

By such a union Napoleon conceived he would enlist the permanent support and affiliation of a powerful ally.

In this he was grossly deceived—it was the prelude to a series of terrible fatalities. He looked upon Marie Louisa as the emblem of innocence with all its charms.

Their marriage was crowned by the birth of the king of Rome, who was sent to his final account at the age of 20, in the blossom of youth.

Josephine, admired, loved, adored

Napoleon and died broken-hearted at Malmaison upon the entrance of the Allies into France.

Napoleon was passionately fond of Josephine.

He loved her with a true and abiding affection, and the fatal stroke that decreed their separation brought tears of profound grief and sorrow to his eyes.

It was a sacrifice that sent Josephine to her grave, and that was the thief of Napoleon's subsequent repose.

Can the imputation of tyranny, of selfishness, of coldness and total destitution of sympathetic qualities be truthfully made against the man who could win the adoration and undying love of so accomplished, so refined, so elevated and so noble a woman as Josephine?

If he were that brutal character, that monster of selfishness and inhumanity that some are pleased to believe, how is it that he could retain the love of so magnificent a woman and the enternal admiration and attachment of so gallant a people as the French?

As when Augustus Caesar seized the imperial purple, peace was necessary to cement and preserve the great Roman Empire, so now it was indispensable for the security of the French Empire.

But the fates had decreed otherwise.

A rupture with Russia is imminent.

It occurred.

Napoleon is soon marching at the head of six hundred thousand men, the grandest army ever united under a banner.

He made the significant remark that "with such an army I consider Europe as an old prostitute."Upon his approach the Russians burned their cities and towns and villages and retreated to the interior.

E.very peasant and Russian patriot rushed to the army centers to resist the invaders.

The country lor hundreds of miles presents a scene of devastation and ruin.

The great commercial metropolis of Russia is finally reached;

but in the course of five days a mighty conflagration leaves it a heap of ruins.

The retreat from Moscow is one of the most terrible, horrible and heartrending recorded in the annals of war.

Of his vast army of six hundred thousand men only forty thousand return home.

The elements had accomplished what all the combined forces of Europe could not do—the annihilation of the magnificent army.

It was a heavy blow to France.

The national impulse received a fatal stroke—the stream of recruitment was drying up.

But she reluctantly responds to a new conscription of three hundred thousand men.

Napoleon meets the Allies in the ill-fated campaign of Germany.

The battle of Leipzic compels him to

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE

retreat.

It was the treacherous Bernadotte and Moreau, generals who had won fame under Napoleon, that formed the plan of the campaign that defeated Napoleon.

The Allies enter France victoriously and Napoleon is taken prisoner and sent to Elba.

After ten months of exile, he returns and is received with open arms by the army and g enerals of Louis XVIII., sent to arrest his march.

He avows that it is his only purpose and ambition to devote himself to the peace and happiness of France.

But the clouds of war are rapidly gathering on every frontier of his empire, and the Allies are again about to descend upon Paris.

Peasants, artisans, mechanics, all orders of society throughout France burn with indignation and resentment, and are anxious to enlist to resist the contemplated invasion.

If France would be saved from the humiliating and degrading spectacle of such an enterprise, prompt and decisive action was indispensible.

Napoleon, therefore, resolved to strike a blow before the allied powers could effect the consolidation of their armies.

It was the only feasible plan that appeared at all practicable, for the overwhelming numbers of the enemy, if time were given to permit their consolidation, would be invincible.

In pursuance of this determination he went out to fight his Waterloo.

Grouchy was in command of the right, Ney the left, and Napoleon held the center.

He met Blucher, with the Austrians, at Ligny, and defeated him. He instructed Grouchy to pursue the retreating army, while he repaired to Waterloo, where Wellington was in command of the Anglo-Dutch, awaiting his approach.

The battle begun at 11:30 a.

m., June 18th, 1815, and lasted till eight o'clock in the evening.

Napoleon had seventy-two thousand men, Wellington seventy thousand.

Thousands of muskets and cannon exchanged their murderous fire without interruption during all the long hours of that, ill-fated day.

Never before did men fight with such desperate courage and heroism.

The terrible clash of arms, the deafening roar of artillery, the agonizing shrieks and mournful cries of poor, mutilated humanity—all baffle description.

At a terrible crisis in the afternoon, the English were partly dislodged from Mont Saint Jean, with much confusion, and Napoleon was preparing to throw the Imperial guard upon the scene to render it a complete rout, when, to his great astonishment, thirty thousand Prussians, under Bulow, opened a furious cannonade upon the French rear.

Blucher suddenly appears with thirty-two thousand Prussians.

The fearful tragedy goes on with increased intensity. The contest grows unequal; and as the shades of night settle upon the bloody battlefield, the French, sadly, sorrowfully yield the contest.

Another battle is lost and won;

it is a victory that belongs to the Allies.

How the fortune of the world might have been changed had Grouchy been true to his trust!

But treason was on every hand.

The minister of police, Fouche, was communicating with the English;

the designs of Napoleon were betrayed.

Through the treachery of his own officers, the battle was lost, and France was plunged into miseries most profound.

Napoleon made his escape to Paris and abdicated in favor of his son.

The Allies entered France a second time, and took possession of the capital.

It was still in the power of France to prevent this humiliation, had they acted wisely and felt so disposed.

Two hundred thousand troops could have been collected before the Allies entered Paris, on the twenty-sixth of July, 1815; and who would say, that with such a force at his disposal, the incomparable soldier of Lodi, of Marengo, of Austerlitz and of Jena, could not have beaten back the enemy, and

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

perhaps destroyed them!

At the critical moment that France should have rallied, she lost spirit and hope, and with it the architect of her glory, the director and guardian of her fortune, the idol of her people.

But how cruel it seems are the decrees of fate, the dispensations of providence!

The man who had, for fifteen years, held the destinies of all

Europe in his hands, who had occupied the most exalted eminence among men, who had challenged the admiration of the civilized world, was now to be reduced to the depths of despair, the awful victim of English perfidy, the pitiful convict of St. Helena!

Napoleon had boarded a vessel when the Allies entered his capital, and was making for the United States, there to seek an asylum.

But his voyage was soon interrupted, and he gave himself up voluntarily, as he himself said, "to the most generous and most constant of my enemies."But she proved to be the most savage, the most ungenerous, the most barbarous of his enemies.

She was determined to satisfy a spirit of hatred and revenge, harbored by a dishonorable ministry.

The prisoner was taken on board the Northumberland and conveyed to Portsmouth, where thousands of anxious, eager spectators had assembled to get even a glance of the man whom they had learned to fear, whose fame had traveled around the «world as the greatest general of its history.

The sentence of his tragic fate was listened to with a sad and mournful heart.

What thoughts were revolving in his mighty mind; what emotions swelled his heavy heart, we can only imagine.

The ship, with its matchless prize, weighs anchor and starts for its destination.

Napoleon, as he stood on the deck of the moving vessel, casts a longing look towards that fair France, once so happy, but now so sad, as her shores fade doubtfully away, and are forever lost to his sorrowful gaze—a scene most pathetic.

How it moved, with emotions of profound pity, the hearts of all on board who saw him, for that noble vessel was now running over at the eyes with grief The spectacle is sad to contemplate. The vessel plows through two thousand leagues of the Atlantic, and Napoleon disembarks on the ill-fated rock that is to become the scene of his slow execution.

The world is too familiar with the treatment of Napoleon during the few remaining years of suffering he was compelled to endure, to require its reiteration.

The name of Sir Hudson Lowe will be held up to the execration of impartial history.

He was qualified only to be the gaoler of the meanest criminals, or their executioner: for there hardly existed in his dwarfed soul, a single sentiment of humanity.

To crown and perfect this infamy, a disgruntled, English ministry, harboring a horrid spirit of revenge, endorsed and sanctioned, if they did not direct, all that their agent projected or did.

After six years of mournful captivity, of suffering and material privation, the immortal spirit, released from earthly environments, took its flight.

A terrific storm was passing over the island, sweeping all in its path the moment he expired, "as if the spirit of storms, borne on the wings of the wind, was hastening to inform the world of the descent of a mighty spirit into the sombre abysses of nature."Thus ends the most remarkable and wonderful career in the history of the world.

Shakespeare's eulogy of Caesar, that ''he was the greatest man that ever lived in the tide of times,"can be applied with much better grace and more truth to

Napoleon.

He was not only a superior military commander, but excelled as a jurist and statesman.

His commentaries on history during his exile, the richness and loftiness of his observations on a thousand subjects, show that he possessed a singu-

NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

larly correct and profound understanding, a vast fund of knowledge, all entitling him to a place and rank in the literary world, not inferior to Caesar's.

Caesar's Commentaries are rendered peculiarly valuable because of the poverty of literary and historical productions of the age in which he lived.

It is different in the nineteenth century, for the world is full of historians and literary luminaries.

Space will not admit of an analysis and comparison of the merits of the respective men, from a military standpoint; neither does such a discussion properly fall within the limits of this article.

But the impartial historian, divested of prepossession, must become impressed with the superiority of the French general.

Napoleon occupies today a sublime and characteristic loneliness in history.

His life was without a precedent;

the conditions that confronted him were new and startling.

They marked the decline and dissolution of monarchy, the overthrow of the doctrine of the divine right of kings, the substitution and establishment therefor of democracy, of popular sovereignty, of the right of the people to legislate and rule, principles that are based upon the eternal truths of justice, the equality and independence of man, and therefore destined ultimately to triumph in all the enlightened nations of the world.

He was the armed soldier of democracy, the preserver of its life, the security of its success.

The tri-colored flag, the emblem of liberty, enfranchisement and free institutions, waved triumphantly over the proud capitals of

Prussia and Austria.

Piedmont and Lombardy became republicanized.

Many of the German and Italian states adopted the principles of 1789.

Belgium and Holland became democratic.

Spain in her constitution of 18 1 2 reflected the principles of the French constitution.

Thus we see that in the course of fifteen years, through the magic power of a single man, the instrument of Providence, the political situation of Europe ber came transformed, and although the

Napoleonic or French system of administration was not destined to an.

uninterrupted succession in its original entity and simplicity amongst those powers, or even at home its effect and influence were established to stay, and subsequent generations, when the principles of democracy become universally fixed as the definite policy of the civilized nations of the world, will recognize the French Revolution as the source and Napoleon as the guardian and preserver of their rich and priceless legacy.

Not only can this be said of Napoleon, but we may say with great reason that the perpetuity and maintenance of the American Republic is perhaps due to the menacing attitude that Napoleon assumed towards England and the nations of Europe during our war of 181 2.

The great English navy during this period, the undisputed mistress of the seas, was.

studiously and industriously employed in protecting the English coasts, and her interest in maintaining the European balance of power against France.

But for the great European crisis that was hanging over her England would unquestionably have concentrated her gigantic naval resources, and directed one grand attack against America,, and victory in all human probability would have crowned her efforts, for

America, young and deficiently organized as she was, could not have withstood such great and overwhelming strength.

So that today, instead of enjoying the matchless privileges of American citizenship, the proud title of an American, we might have been living under the symbol of English sovereignty.

Although our contest with the English on the seas was brilliant and decisive, demonstrating our superiority over them in naval engagements, we could not have prevailed over vastly superior forces which she would certainly have-

WENT IN HIS UNIFORM.

brought to bear against us, but for the then existing European conditions. Thus to France and Napoleon, who made possible the preservation and perpetuity of American institutions, we owe a debt of profound and eternal gratitude.

Although it was not the result of design or special adaptation, by any volitional demonstration on their part, it was nevertheless through their combined instrumentality that our national existence became an accomplished fact;

and be it said that there can be clearly discerned the dispensations of an overruling power in this great and mighty crisis of grand operations, moulding and shaping them in pursuance of a divinely wrought scheme.

Elijah Farr.

WENT IN HIS UNIFORM.

Of Junot, one of Napoleon's most gallant, but most unmanageable generals—his stormy disposition won him the nick-name of "Tempest"as a boy at school—innumerable anecdotes of courage and audacity are related.

The most famous is doubtless that of the bomb which burst close by as he was writing a despatch for Napoleon, and spattered the paper with earth.

"Good!"cried Junot, laughing.

"I had no sand to dry the ink here comes some!"It is usuallv related that this was the first incident which attracted Napoleon's attention to him;

but indeed they had first met, and Junot had impressed the future emperor with some idea of his qualities several days before.

It was at Toulon, when Napoleon was a young officer and Junot a simple sergeant.

Some one was needed to carry an order to an exposed point—a task of such danger as to require a messenger at once, exceptionally brave and intelligent, and Junot was recommended by his officers as a suitable person.

''Take off your uniform and carry this order there,"said Napoleon, pointing to the spot.

The young sergeant colored hotly, and replied with indignation:

"I am not a spy!

Find someone besides me to execute such an order.""You refuse to obey?"asked Napoleon.

"I am ready to obey,"was the reply; "but I will go in my uniform or not go at all.

It is honor enough then for those rascally Englishmen!"

Pleased with his spirit, the general laughed and allowed him to go as he was.

in all the conspicuous trappings of his showy uniform, asking his name of an officer as he set off.

He ran the gauntlet with the message and returned unharmed;

and Napoleon, who had a hawk's eye for the making of a great soldier, never lost sight of him afterward.

Education is a companion that no misiortune can depress, no clime destroy, no enemy alienate, no despotism enslave; at home a friend, abroad an introduction, in society an ornament, in solitude a solace.

Offer to the world a large, generous, true, sympathetic nature and, rich or poor, you will never be friendless, no matter what catastrophies may befall you.

The best rules to form a young man are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon that which has passed, in company to distrust one's own opinion, and value others that deserve it.

Nothing mars the welfare of society more than narrowness of mind and conduct.

Not only is its intellectual growth cramped and hindered;

its moral and social character is also deteriorated.

Every point in which a man excels, every virtue which he cherishes, every beauty of spirit which he attains, will make his friendship purer, stronger, and better worth having.

A TYPICAL

CASE.

A STORY OF THE BOOM.

It was the memorable February of 1890.

The quiet valleys of the Wasatch were vibrating to the loud echoes of the election campaign, and the effect in the quiet and isolated Western city, with its peculiar and distinct religious atmosphere and associations, was as strange as if the blare of bands, the din of party cries, and drills and drums should resound upon the shores of placid Galilee.

It was the first election in the Territory in which the political campaign had been conducted on a grand scale—the changed conditions existing in the city, making the struggle for supremacy in the coming municipal contest, a close and fierce fight between the opposing local parties.

The expected change of administration in the Mormon metropolis, furnished occasion for considerable press comment throughout the country;

and in far away New York, Brent Gresham read each item with a curiosity and interest, deepened by reminiscences of his once familiar associations with the city and its people, when such an event as a Gentile victory in local politics had been the idle and desperate dream of an insignificant minority.

He had been in Utah in the "seventies"—a young lieutenant then stationed at "Camp"Douglas, and many associations connected with his stay, were of a nature to keep vivid his memory of the far Western post.

As echoes of the newly awakened excitement, and rumors of change reached him now, memories of the quiet, hamlet-like city, outstretched somnolently amidst its environs of placid plain, aud peaceful hills—secure in its seclusion and prevailing unanimity of thought from the aggressions at least, of anything like so peaceful an agency as the ballot in the disturbance of its prevalent quiet—came to him strangely—the rumors of outside-world interests and excitements, now filling the place with metropolitan echoes, striking him with something of the sense of an anchronism.

Besides the newspaper reports, he heard a great deal of it through Bolter, a somewhat intimate friend, who had been in Salt Lake for a year past, and who now wrote seriously of his intention to remain there.

Bolter had been in the real estate business for the greater part of his life, and scented a "boom,"as a war-horse smells the fray; he hearing in New York, of the coming Liberal domination in Salt Lake, an event made apparent by the county election of the previous summer, he had determined to locate in the city in time for a full share in the benefits of the activity which was prophesied as a result of the Gentile victory.

Once there, the actual and permanent advantage of the place, its climate, and countless resources, showing in contrast to the limited and temporary advantage of other "boom localities"with which he had been familiar, brought a quick conviction to Bolter's alert business mind, and the result was his decision to ''stay with Salt Lake forever, as he professionally expressed it;

instead, as he had at first intended, of posing as a mere sharer in the transient prosperity that might follow the boom.

In the short time in which Bolter had been in Salt Lake, the spirit of the times and place had obtained full possession of him.

"I have'nt any nationality, religion, or politics out here,"he wrote jocularly to Gresham; "I have doffed

Americanism, Republicanism and Unitarianism, and am now a Salt Laker, a Liberal and a Gentile."9 a

57o A TYPICAL CASE.

His enthusiastic account of the prospects of the place, helped to strengthen an old desire of Gresham's to once more visit the city; an interest, warmed by reminiscences of a somewhat tender nature relating to his past, being infused with a less sentimental motive aroused by the suggestions of the promised profitableness of business investments in the locality.

Gresham had resigned from the army eight years since, the somewhat inactive life hardly suiting his energetic temperament.

Three of the ensuing years which he had spent in Colorado, had resulted in fortunate mining enterprises, the profits of which he was ready to invest in Salt Lake real estate, in case events should transpire according to expectation.

Straightening his affairs in New York, he went first to

Denver, where he already had some property, intending to await there (while attending to his interests), the result of the Salt Lake election.

Though affairs were prosperous in

Colorado, he found the Denver real estate men all exited over the prospects of the Mormon metropolis many of them having already secured property by proxy or option, in view of the coming rise in values.

Gresham was frankly advised to "save his money for Salt Lake dirt,"as nothing in Colorado promised such certain and early profits of investment as in the new boom city.

The date of the election was fast approaching, and Gresham, who had written Bolter a few days since, for a final word of instruction, received a telegram couched in his friend's characteristic impetuous vernacular.

Gresham smiled broadly as he recognized Bolter's familiar slang and verbose professional lingo, limited by the restrictions of telegraphic communication.

It read:

il B. Gresham:

"Election will go all right.

Salt Lake going to be city of West.

Will whoop her up.

Hurry out here and get a slice.

Bolter."This effusion, together with his own desire to gain a personal view of the exciting scenes occurring in the Utah capital, decided Gresham to hasten his visit.

He arrived in Salt Lake a few days before the election and found the city in its crowning furor of excitement attending the final street parades of the local parties.

To Gresham, new from his sojourn in the larger cities, the place itself, spite of the added bustle of the election, wore an air of country quiet, though its aspect was distinctly metropolitan compared to that he remembered of the long ago.

Main street and some of the adjoining blocks alone showed signs of marked activity, the others still keeping the atmosphere of the quiet western village.

The first day of Gresham's arrival,

Bolter took him in tow, driving him about town in his buggy and explaining the intricasies of the "local situation."As they drove down Main street to the hotel afterward, Gresham was treated to elementary glimpses of the coming processional display, in marching bands with music, columns of uniformed urchins performing upon blatant instruments whose sound might have made a harmonious orchestral accompaniment for the chorus at Babel.

Across the street they could hear from an up-stairs window the Liberal drum corps practising for the night, the sharp rataplan attracting an army of small boys to the sidewalk outside, eager to take part in the demonstrations of either party.

Towards evening the streets began to hum with the activity of preparation for the

Liberal parade, and as the hour approached for the procession, the sidewalks were crowded with spectators—the streets with squads of uniformed men, their hightopped boots worn for the exigencies

A TYPICAL CASE.

of the mud, in the unpaved streets.

Stores were hung with flags and red, white and blue bunting, their roofs and windows blazing with rolling clouds of parti-colored fire, sent up in welcome to the procession winding through the principal streets, whose generous width set off to added advantage the brilliant details of the parade.

Bands alternated with marching columns of men, transparencies with elliptical mottoes suggestive of the principal "local questions,"waved over the marching hosts, and all this, with the shouts of party cries and cheers of admiring and enthusiastic friends amidst the spectators on the sidewalks, made up a scene of brilliancy and bustle, never before witnessed in the quiet city.

Though such scenes were trite to Gresham, having seen them enacted upon greater scale in the Eastern cities, there was a decidedly new interest connected with them, through the novel association.

It was something of this kind that occasioned his greater interest in the coming "People's party"display especially because of his recollections of former occasions of similar import in the city, when the lack of formidable opposition rendered unnecessary any strenuous effort for success on the part of the majority, and the election days had passed, for the most part, as quietly as a children's holiday in the country.

On the important night, therefore, he was one of the earliest on the street, curious to watch the progress made in political campaign warfare, the occasion of the final parade before the election, furnishing cause for the best possible display.

The upper part of Main street, devoted principally to Mormon business stores, was already brilliantly illuminated.

Signs and windows and doors were banked with flaming gas jets and colored lanterns, sidewalks festooned with flags, and the roof-tops ablaze with the brilliant calcium incense.

The streets and buildings were crowded with spectators, and street cars whizzed momentarily down the jammed roadway bringing men and eager throngs to the spot.

Watching the enthusiastic crowds with interest, Gresham made his way northward from his first post at the present McCornick bank corner, and crossing the street, took his station in front of the Co-op.

store, for a sweeping view of the entire scene.

As he glanced up the street, a unique and thrilling picture met his gaze.

A half block away the Temple loomed high above the dark walls of the enclosure, its solid mass resplendent in the glow of the rolling clouds of colored light bursting from every opening in its surface.

The walls, though high, were still unfinished, and their top, edged with alternate open squares and massive blocks, looked like a battlement the round open casements like loopholes, giving the effect of a beautiful though dismantled fortress.

Its aspect, with the red fires flaming from each top corner of the edifice, gave to Gresham the suggestion of some ancient Temple of the Fireworshipers, a comparison heightened by the religious nature of the edifice.

The parade was forming above on

Arsenal Hill, a great, indistinct mass, now in the dark and distance, but presently unwinding and lengthening down the hillside into a long glittering phalanx of mounted and marching men, shouting, cheering, waving banners and flags;

the brilliantly uniformed bands in gorgeous conveyances filling the air with patriotic strains, and at short intervals a burst of rockets and flame lighting the line into vivid and dazzling distinctness.

Reaching the Temple, the vast procession came to a halt, and the long line became a wonderful sensation of motion, with the myriads of hands and hats and banners waving, the thousands of throats ringing with

57 2 A TYPICAL CASE.

reverent and jubilant cheers that echoed from one end of the long street to the other.

As they presently marched on down the road the people on the sidewalks and in the streets and buildings took up the cheers and party cries, which were shouted with a fervor and enthusiasm that made the streets ring and echo with a sound that was inspiring as it was deafening.

Gresham watched it all with a strange sensation.

Dim pictures and memories of ancient history and tradition filled his mind—the hosts of worshipers of the sun god, marching to battle against the infidel;

the crusaders;

the fire devotees—all blended in his mind with some tinge of Biblical color and suggestion, intertwined in dim, confusing pictures;

yet through it all there came to him, wonderfully distinct and idealized, the underlying religious spirit and enthusiasm which made the soul of the display.

It was a fervor springing from a conviction of an inalienable claim of birthright, and possession of the land, valid through first discovery, and reclamation of the desert waste through years of toil and hardship to the beauty of the rose; and beneath all this a deeper inspiration rooted in the memory of wrongs suffered in the past without redress—of hatred and exile, the fruit of whose seed was the upbuilding of this fair city, whose government was now to be taken from them by hands as hostile in effect as those which had once driven them from house and home.

It was the first clear vision which had come to him of the "other side of the question,"and spite of his intense "Gentile"prejudices and opinions Gresham could not suppress the sudden sense of sympathy which thrilled him at its realization.

After the parade was over Gresham went to bed at the hotel and dreamed a strange dream, made up of the varied fanciful scenes and suggestions of the past few days.

He saw upon an extent of plain, a vast army, made up of people of myriad castes and creeds and aims and opinions, each battling against the other for supremacy in some great event whose turning was to decide the destinies of earth.

In the midst of the plain upon which the armies fought, rose the beautiful walls of a Temple, and upon its top, amidst rolling clouds of scarlet flame and smoke that soared aloft from the field beneath, was seated a woman—her face cold and passionless, yet alight with a superhuman perception and intelligence her flowing white robes, unscorched by the conflagration about her—her white hands clasping a scroll upon which, from time to time she inscribed some word.

The dreamer, stationed at an opposite part of the building, and anxious to know with what work the mysterious being was occupied amidst this momentous conflict, risking his step upon the slender parapet that lay between them, eagerly hastened towards her.

Advancing a little way, he saw upon the golden crown or fillet which confined her streaming hair, these significant words inscribed in flaming characters:

"The Detector of Human Motives."

The name furnished some suggestion of her task, and eager to gain an inkling of truth from her record that should perhaps set at rest his own doubts, the dreamer continued his painful struggle to reach her.

The top of the scroll was bent towards him, and as a heading to what was written below, he managed to make out this familiar quotation:

"Truth is ever on the scaffold; Wrong forever on the throne Yet that scaffold sways the future, and beyond the dim unknown Standeth God within the shadow, keeping watch above His own."Pressing forward to learn the application of the inspired lines to the

A TYPICAL

CASE.

conflict below him, but blinded by the rolling smoke and flame, he made a mis-step, and plunging through thin air in dizzying flight, he woke to the sunshine of another day.

On the day after election the streets were still filled with unusual throngs—excited people, walking, or standing in groups, and talking with quick, expressive tones and gestures—the one topic being that of the event of the previous day.

Of the bitterness and rancor which had prevailed on both sides previous to the election, however, there were none.

By the defeated party the event was accepted with apparent cheerfulness—the open jubilance of the victors being matched by the nonchalance of the ousted party.

The heated discussions of the previous days were changed for brisk business conversations in regard to possibilities presented by the result of the election.

In comparison to the lowering and lightning-charged condition of the social elements which had obtained before, it was as if a thunderstorm had passed, leaving the atmosphere rarified and permeated with the freshness of a spring morning.

As days went by, numerous new faces began to be seen upon the streets; the city commenced to hum with preparations for important enterprise;

a brisk business air making itself felt like the first, crisp, bracing breeze of October.

All classes caught the infection, and worked and lived in the influence and impression of great events to transpire.

In the stimulating glow of the new atmosphere nothing seemed impossible, and surprises of a startlingly progressive nature were looked for daily.

Real estate, ascended into the empyrean of speculation, dazzled the eyes of beholders with miragelike spell—visions of ever-pointing spires, and springs of perennial freshness luring them always farther into the desert-waste of speculation.

Corner lots were apotheosized;

"desirable locality"became the watchword of the day—and "suburban property"the "sesame"to visions of wealth undreamed of, save by the sanguine-eyed investors in the "additions."The real estate fever was like a choleratic infection, touching all in its path.

Neither sex nor age was spared.

Men, women and school-boys "dealt"in the heavy commodity, buying and bartering ground with the pert, shuttle-like dexterity of professionals, trained for life in the business.

Commercial establishments of nearly every description, added "choice properties"to their standard articles—advertisements appearing upon every hand in some such way as follows:

"Jones & Davis, Dealers in Groceries and

Real Estate;""Call at Hook & Hock's for fresh butter and eggs;

options on corner lots a specialty.""Blunt Co., the enterprising butchers, are selling houses in addition at lowest figures,"etc.

Gresham found himself sharing in the prevalent spirit of speculation;

and being something of a capitalist, came in for a great share of attention from the real estate men, who besieged him with "bargains,"with all the cream-lipped eloquence peculiar to members of the profession.

He gave himself wholly up to Bolter, however, who was reaping the benefits of early foresight in obtaining possession of properties and special rights of disposal—being, as he expressed it, with his usual terseness to Gresham, "on the inside ot all the biggest deals made in the county."Gresham's investments, though heavy, had been confined principally to the suburbs and additions, these promising the safest prospects, as it seemed to him, not only because ot the new people who were constantly settling in the city, and who would want homes, but also because of the

A TYPICAL

CASE.

certainty of the demands of the people who were parting with "central property,"and who would inevitably purchase dwelling places in the outside localities.

Bolter had for sometime been urging him to invest in some highpriced property on the newly- named

Capitol Hill, and he rode up with him one day to look at it.

They went by way of the steep slope, inside the Eagle Gate, and reached the top near the site recently selected for the capitol grounds.

They drove to the highest swell of the plateau, and both men sat silent a moment, gazing down upon the superb scene in the valley.

The western plain, brushed with patches of April verdure, stretched out to the blue curve of the Oquirrh, the inland sea cutting the edge of the brown desert like a silver cycle;

and with the uplifted crests of the,near peaks, scintillant with their unmelted snows, and the city clinging to the skirts of the uplands, with its home-roofs and spires and budding orchard trees, made a wonderful picture.

Gresham had beheld it often before in the old days at the Fort; but now there was something in it which affected him with a new and strange sensation.

An appreciation of the splendid possibilities of the place, opening up to it an exceptional destiny in the future, and foretelling the eventual up-building of a remarkable city upon the expanse of empty plain, came to him as a revelation, giving him a sudden, pleasureable thrill.

He had thought of it hitherto merely as the scene of a transient activity incited temporarily by the novel spirit of the boom, and one which would necessarily claim but so much of his time as was required in the realization of the profits for which he had come.

But the new impression had brought now an imperative desire and impulse to make his stay permanent, and ally his fortunes for good or ill with that of the beautiful city.

Bolter's thoughts were full of the same theme, and the two rode slowly over the hill, discussing the bright probabilities of the future.

It was the time of the Linck preemption, and the property in Bolter's hands was involved in the question of the legitimacy of the agent's claim, and Gresham put off his decision in regard to buying, for a few days, till the latter should be settled.

A group of men stood near the locality in dispute, talking in high, excited tones, and, leaving Bolter to add his decisive baritone to the discord, Gresham jumped out of the buggy and walked down the hill.

The whirl of business in which he had been engaged, had so far kept him from renewing any of the acquaintanceships or associations of old times, though the familiar scenes had kept his mind busy with memories—some of them tinged with reminicences of a distinctly tender nature.

The fact was that the principal romance of his life had occurred in Salt Lake.

It was shortly after his arrival at his new post at Camp Douglas, together with several other officers at "camp,"he had been invited to a ball at the house of one of the prominent residents of the city, and while there had become acquanted with Claire Redwyn, one of the daughters of the host, a girl of singular beauty and accomplishments.

The striking impression made upon

Gresham during the evening, impelled him to make strenuous efforts for a continuance of their aquaintance—a desire which, greatly to his satisfaction, he was able to gratify.

Besides the frequent calls, he was permitted to make at the house, he also met her at various pleasure parties, so that the impression occasioned at first sight, had opportunity to develop into a deeper sentiment.

A TYPICAL

CASE.

She had, in fact, the personality inevitably calculated to attract a man of Gresham's serious character.

Though hardly more than seventeen years of age, there was a force and depth to her nature and a certain spirituality of temperament which accorded in a subtle way with his highly-organized nature;

and, as their intimacy progressed, she seemed in fact to Gresham, to be (without any strained sentimentality in the expression)—the one being who corresponded identically with his ideal.

They had been together a great deal and he had ventured to hope, or rather believe, that his feeling was to some extent reciprocated.

Then, suddenly, came the unexpected call of his company to Arizona.

The few days in which they were obliged to get in readiness for the journey left Gresham little time for attending to social duties;

but he sent a note to Claire the day before starting, asking permission to make a farewell call in the evening, and at about 8 o'clock rode down to the city.

To his disappointment he found several callers at Claire's home, a number of her friends having diopped in for the evening, and as none of them left until late, it gave him no opportunity whatever of speaking to her alone.

As they were all leaving at the same time, Claire strolled down to the gate with them, and Gresham had a chance to press her hand as he said good-bye under cover of the darkness.

It was an unsatisfactory parting, however, considering what had been in his mind to say; but before going to bed that night, Gresham made up for his enforced silence by a long and impetuously worded letter, telling her of his devotion, and asking her to be his wife.

He told her that he would expect her answer upon arriving at his new post, asking her to write him in care of Norrow—a fellow Lieutenant, and somewhat intimate friend of his, who was to remain for some time yet at Camp Douglas.

Norrow was absent at present, on a short leave, having gone to Cheyenne on business, but would return by tomorrow, in time to be on hand to forward her reply.

Gresham had in his possession a crimson scarf that his father had worn during the war of the rebellion, an elaborate affair of heavy silken thread woven in a close mesh or net, and edged with a wide fringe of tassels made of heavy cord.

Claire had admired the scarf one day when he had been showing it to a party of ladies who had driven up to the garrison from the city, and he determined to make it his parting gift to her, asking her to wear it some time, in case his love were reciprocated, as a token of remembrance of himself, till his return.

They were to start in the morning at 7 o'clock, and as Norrow would not arrive until 3 in the afternoon, he made a package of the scarf, and slipping his le'tter face downward beneath the cord that wrapped it, left the parcel in Norrow's room in care of the orderly till his friend's return, writing a short note of explanation to the letter as well, and leaving directions to have both parcel and note handed him directly upon his arrival.

.The troops reached the new post in a little less than ten days, and Gresham spent an anxious three weeks afterward, looking vainly for an answer from Claire.

He wrote to Norrow, asking him if the package had been delivered, and his friend answered in the affirmative, so that he had not the comfort of attributing her silence to her not having received his letter; and he could only wait anxiously and miserably, hoping perhaps that an answer might yet arrive.

Eight months passed and he still waited in vain.

A TYPICAL

CASE.

Norrow's company had been ordered to the same post, and the first thing, upon his friend's arrival, Gresham took pains to question him again about the package and letter left for Miss Redwyn.

"Letter?"repeated Norrow after him; "there was none with the package, that I saw.

Did you leave one?"Gresham explained to him.

"Then it was undoubtedly lost through the carelessness of that conlounded

Carson; he was soaked in whiskey half the time, if you remember, and didn't know what he was about anyway.

I'm awfully sorry, Gresham,"he went on; "and if its anything to you to know, she wore the scarf afterwards—you know

I couldn't help recognizing it—and looked awfully stunning with it too.

It was a ball, and she wore it knotted about her waist; a dead white cashmere gown it was, with the corsage laced at the back with a crimson cord, and red flowers in her hair.

You know, Gresham, I have always prided myself upon being a first-rate judge of woman's dress, and I can truly say, that a more artistic costume I never saw.

There was a half-dozen of us envying you;

for, of course, old fellow, we couldn't help believing there was something serious, when we saw her wearing it.

It was a shock as well as a surprise to me when I heard that she was going to marry Ford."

There was a pause.

"Then she is married?'asked Gresham, presently.

"Yes,"Norrow answered, "the week before I came away."There was a slight pallor on his friend's face, and a tremor in his voice as he spoke, and, noting it, Norrow, with quick consideration, made an excuse and left Gresham to himself.

The two years which the latter spent at the lonely far-away post, were the longest in his life;

the quiet, monotonous routine of his duties giving him time to brood continually over his troubles.

When he went East, the active life which he took up made his disappointment and sorrow a little less distinct, though he had been too deeply touched to make the memory possible of being ever obliterated.

Now that he was back again amongst the scenes fraught with the old, tender associations, the thought of her had come to him with almost the poignant pain and sorrow of those past days.

She was in his thoughts, now, as he walked down the hill towads Main Street; and it seemed an appropriate event, considering his train of thought, that he should meet with

Pratt Hilmon, one of the most lamiliar of his civilian acquaintances of Salt Lake, in former days.

Hilmon had been a co-admirer of Claire's in the old times; and after the first, formal greeting and talk, their conversation reverted to the girl who had once been uppermost in the minds of both.

"Yes, the old crowd are all married—our old sweetheart, Claire Redwyn, with the rest.

She married Greg Ford, you know, that good-for-noting cad.

He commenced to drink after they had been married a year and treated her like a brute.

A mighty blessing to her he didn't last.

Dead?

Oh, yes, something like eight years ago.

She'e had offers galore since—one of the 'might-have-been's,'myself but she's single yet.

Well, glad I met you.

See more of you, of course, if you stay."And so he was gone, and Gresham walked on with his heart beating as if an angel had brushed by, whispering in his ear a message of new hope.

(To be continued.)

THE DOGS OF WAR.

"Dogs of War"is not a meaningless phrase if a little study be given to the matter.

According to tradition, Alyattes, king of Lydia, employed huge dogs in his warring with the Armenians.

Aelian writes that the Magnesians in their battles with the Ephesians, fought in three divisions—the first of strong dogs, the second of slaves and the third of the warriors themselves.

Cyrus kept a large number of dogs, while the Gauls, according to Strabo, imported immense dogs from

Britain for the same purpose.

When Marius defeated the Cimbri, women and dogs were among the bravest of the defenders of the race.

The Romans even went so far as to clothe their dogs in armor.

In the middle ages the bloodhound was especially valued for this work.

Thus when Henry VIII. declared war against Francis I. of France, he sent over eight hundred of these dogs with the English troops to help his ally, Emperor Charles V.

The dogs belonging to the opposing armies often fought against each other in battle, and, at the siege of Valence, Charles V.

was so delighted with the canine warriors, that he held them up as models to his soldiers.

Toward the end of the seventeenth century, dogs were used for the national defense in Dalmatia and Croatia.

They were attached to the farthest outposts, in order to give warning of the frequent Turkish raids.

In our own times, the French were the first to realize the military value of dogs, when fighting against the Kalyles in Tunis and Algeria;

the Russians followed the custom in their last eastern war.

The Austrians consider the dog of greatest use in discovering an ambuscade, and the Dutch employ the animals for the same purpose in Acheen, to give warning of any foe concealed in the jungle.

In Tonquin the French army is saved from many surprises from the enemies by the vigilance of their dogs, and even in Switzerland canine guards watch the St. Gothard pass, near Fort Fondo del Basco.

Training dogs for keeping watch, giving warnings of ambuscades, carrying messages and even conveying ammunition during battle is an important work in several armies of the present day.

Sheep dogs, especially the Scotch breed, and short-haired dogs appear not suitable, while the French use poodles and terriers.

The work takes much skill, for the same bark which warns his own masters will rouse the foe, and the dog must be taught to utter only peculiar low growls when he perceives an enemy.

One method of training in the German army is to dress a man in the French or Russian uniform and then the dog is made to understand that such men are undesirable—from the German standpoint.

The animals are also taught to carry written messages between the outposts and the camp.

Another duty has been suggested for the dog in war time—a share in the ambulance service.

During and after the battle the dog might scour the field, looking for the wounded and summoning help quickly.

It would carry round its neck a flask containing a refreshing drink, and as soon as it found a wounded man the animal would stand by him and bark until some of the ambulance corps came to the rescue.

After all, this is only a different version of what the famous St.

Bernard dogs have been doing from time immemorial when succoring wornout travelers on the pass.

So that the ambulance work is perhaps the easiest lesson the dog learns and it has been brought to a very perfect condition by the Russian Jager regiments.

Wolfhounds and sheep-dogs are best for this service, being especially valuable in rocky and wooded districts, where a wounded man lying among underwood or stones is not easily seen by the members of the ambulance corps.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, July, 1896.

A LESSON IN THRIFT.

The fifteenth chapter of Matthew tells of the going of Jesus up into a mountain, near the sea of Galilee, where great multitudes came unto Him, "having with them those that were lame, blind, dumb, maimed, and many others, and cast them down at Jesus'feet, and he healed them."At witnessing these miracles, the multitude wondered and "glorified the God of Israel."We quote further:

"Then Jesus called his disciples unto him, and said, I have compassion on the multitude, because they continue with me now three days, and have nothing to eat, and I will not send them away fasting, lest they faint in the way.

"And his disciples say unto him, Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness, as to fill so great a muliitude?

"And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye?

And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes.

"And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground.

"And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.

"And they did all eat and were filled:

and they took up of the broken meat that was left, seven baskets full.

"And they that did eat were four thousand men, besides women and children."The lesson usually drawn from the verses above quoted, treats of the wonderful power possessed by Jesus.

Not only was He able to heal all manner of diseases and bodily infirmities, but He was able to create, in a moment, food ready prepared and in quantities sufficient to feed thousands of hungry people.

But there is another lesson plainly to be inferred from the words quoted.

From the circumstances of the case, as described in the text, and from the explicit directions which Jesus gave to the disciples, we are abundantly justified in assuming that He was presiding over all the proceedings, and that what the disciples did was done by His direction, or at least with His sanction.

It follows, then, that when the disciples gathered up the fragments of food, to the amount of seven baskets full, they acted under directions given to them by the Savior;

or at least, under His sanction and presidency.

Hence, it is apparent that the Savior was opposed to the waste of even the scattered fragments of the food He had provided.

What had the food cost?

Nothing; that is, it had not cost anybody any money.

Neither had it, apparently, cost any labor on the part of any person.

In a moment of time, and at no further expense to any person, to all appearance, than the mere utterance of a word by One whom the very elements hastened to obey, a vast amount of food, properly cooked and ready to be eaten, had been provided.

What could be cheaper?

What could cost less?

What could be more nearly worthless, if its value were to be determined by the expense of production?

Not even the air the people breathed cost them less than did the food upon which they feasted on this occasion.

But it was contrary to the order of heaven for it to be wasted.

If the multitude had been permitted to trample into the dust and so destroy the broken fragments, the crumbs, of the bread that had been furnished to them so absolutely without price, God's law of economy would have

EDITORIAL.

been violated, and sin would have lain at the door.

Therefore the disciples gathered up the fragments and saved them.

What a lesson in thrift is here presented! What an example of domestic economy the Savior of the world has set for all of us to follow! He who had created the earth, and had all power over it, and over all its contents, could not allow to be wasted the broken fragments of food left after a meal eaten in the wilderness.

Young man, do not be ashamed to be saving, thrifty and economical.

Never be stingy, nor never forget that an economical use of all the means and property God permits you to control is one of the highest and most beneficent virtues you can cultivate.

Any people who will follow the example of thrift set forth in the Scripture above quoted, will inevitably become wealthy, and will possess the confidence and respect of the whole world, as well as riches.

IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION With three bills on the subject introduced in Congress at the last session, and with the declarations of the leading political parties and their spokesmen both from the platform and through the press, it is very safe to anticipate early and stringent legislation upon the subject of foreign immigration.

This subject, like every other that comes before the country as an issue, admits of a wide diversity of views as to treatment.

There is a radical class which favors the closing of our ports absolutely and wholly against settlers from foreign countries;

these claiming that the time has now come to reserve America for Americans against immigrants of whatsoever condition or nationality, or else dumbly consent to have the native population crowded to the wall.

Another class, with even less reason on their side, are still in favor of throwing down the bars entirely, and allowing any and every body to come in who so desires;

these argue that mankind is but one vast family;

that human beings are or ought to be free to go and come as they will;

that the whole earth is the Lord's and is given to all His children for a habitation; and that in the land specially dedicated to the preservation of human liberty and equality there should be no privileges granted to one that are withheld from another and no discrimination in any form.

Still another class, and this comprises the patriotic, intelligent mass of people, is desirous of throwing safeguards around our citizenship and restricting by wise and statesmanlike provisions the unlimited influx of undesirable hordes of foreigners.

Various attempts have been made to carry these latter ideas into effect, and the statute books contain numerous laws on the subject.

As stated, however, the legislation is still deemed inadequate and in all probability the present Congress will succeed in enacting something far more stringent than has yet been put into force.

The common law of self-defense and self-preservation requires that the great republic give this grave problem immediate and careful attention.

. We think this is so, not so much because we are afraid of being crowded out of our place as because we feel that the welfare of our institutions is in danger of being imperilled.

No one can overestimate the value of the service rendered by the thousands and millions of immigrants who in the past have come in and helped to make prosperous the land of their adoption.

Of sturdy stock, careful habits, generous impulses, and skilled industry, they have been absorbed into the body politic and have contributed health, vigor and vitality to the general mass.

No doubt many thousands more of the same class will become identified with us in the future; and whether poor or well-to-do they r*

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION

ought to find a welcome.

But the line cannot be too quickly or too strictly drawn against the illiterate and lawless, those whom their native countries are glad to be rid of—who are a source of expense, trouble and anxiety wherever they are.

How to bar the gates against these and still have them swing freely to the thrifty, honest, law-abiding classes, is the problem.

It is an intricate and an interesting one, and well deserves the study of all who are desirous of the perpetuity of American institutions.

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

VIII.

Early in the history of the Church upon the Sandwich Islands, the missionaries were impressed with the necessity of withdrawing their converts from their former associations, if they would preserve in them the seeds of the Gospel, uncontaminated by the sins and vices that were fast wasting away the nation.

They were of a people, who were, it may be said, but just emerging from a condition of life wherein personal inclination uninfluenced by moral precepts, was the rule.

Their desires to do right were unquestioned, but they were as children, easily influenced by their associations.

In all their weakness they were encouraged and approved by evil men who sought only the gratification of their own vile passions.

Whale fishing in the Pacific was at its height, and from time to time the various ports were crowded with whalers and other vessels.

As a class the sailors were men who while in port plunged into the vortex of drunkenness and debauchery, with an abandon for which sailors are most noted.

The effects were most deplorable, for sometimes even the most promising girls and women were led astray.

The laws of the country forbid the immigration of the natives, so there was no chance of gathering them out as Saints were gathered from other lands.

The question came up for consideration at the October Conference, 1853, and in accordance with instructions received from the Church at home, a committee was appointed to select a suitable location for a temporary gathering place.

When the reports were submitted the valley of Palawai, upon the small island of Lanai, was chosen, both because of its isolation from the sea ports and more populous districts of the islands, and because of the very favorable terms upon which it could be rented from Halelea, a friendly chief.

The valley is really a large basin sloping from all sides to the center, and has a circumference of about twelve miles.

There was water only for drinking purposes, but it was believed that the rainfall would be sufficient to irrigate the crops.

In the fall of 1854 the first pioneers were gathered to the chosen spot.

They were some of the most faithful and reliable natives from various branches.

Crops of wheat, corn and Irish potatoes were successfully cultivated, and besides many goats and turkeys were raised and sent to market to Lahaina and Honolulu.

At first voyages to and from Lanai were made in open whale boats, but afterward a small sloop was procured and sailed by Brother

F. A. Hammond.

At the April Conference, 1854, another large company of Elders were called to the Islands from

Zion and arrived there in the fall.

The journey across the plains had to be made in company of a slow moving emigrant train, and after the arrival in California the brethren had to go to work wherever they could secure employment to earn money to pay ship passage from the coast to the

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

Islands, hence the delay in their arrival.

At the general native conference held April, 1857, at Palawai, or City of Joseph, as the headquarters was called, there were present twentyfour Elders from Utah, most of whom were pretty thoroughly conversant with the language.

The gathering place was in a prosperous condition, though there were not yet facilities afforded for a general gathering of the Saints there.

In the fall of 1857 those Elders who had come out in returned home, but in the meantime other Elders from Zion had from time to time arrived.

Among the last arrivals, in September, 1857, were H. W.

Bigler and John S.

Woodbury, on a second mission to the Islands.

Brother Bigler came to preside, and with him remained a company of ten Elders.

The work was pushed forward with zeal, attended with considerable success, and the mission was in a flourishing condition, when the news came from home that an army of the United States was moving against the

Saints in Utah.

President Bigler received instructions from home that the affairs of the mission were to be settled up as soon as possible, and the missionaries to return home.

There was some debt which had been incurred by the Church in carrying out the plan of gathering the natives to Palawai.

This was divided pro rata among the Elders, who went to work wherever they could secure employment to pay it.

The debts were paid, the branches were set in order and the native Saints instructed in their duties, when they were finally left to themselves in the spring of 1858.

During the troubles of the Church with the Government of the United States there came to Utah a man who was destined to become closely associated with the history of the Sandwich Islands mission.

This man was Walter Murray Gibson, an adventurer of winning address and most romantic history.

He professed to espouse the cause of the Saints, and mistaking the genius of the Latterday work, he urged upon President Young the plan of migrating with the

Church to some of the numerous islands of the Pacific, where they might set up a free and independent government of their own.

He drew in glowing colors a picture of the natural advantages of those tropical lands.

And then with such an organization as the Church possessed, he urged that the establishment of an empire over the islands of the Pacific was a matter of easy accomplishment.

Of course his plans were rejected, and he was instructed further that it was not the purpose of the Saints to establish an earthly kingdom, but to build up the Kingdom of

God upon the land of Zion.

Humiliated, but not discouraged by this rebuff, he yet lingered among the Saints, and eventually professed conversion to the Gospel and was baptized.

Then he asked for a roving mission to the islands of the Pacific Ocean, and his request was granted.

In the meantime he sought the acquaintance of those Elders who had labored upon the Sandwich Islands, and learned from them all he could about the government and resources of the Islands, and of the number of

Saints there and the location of the various branches, etc.

Then by urging upon President Young his intimate knowledge of the people among whom he was going, and the necessity of creating a favorable impression upon them by a showing of importance, he secured the privilege of writing his commission upon a large official parchment.

After this was duly signed and in his possession, he covered it with seals and bedecked it with ribbons, until it was sufficiently important and official to dazzle the eyes of even better informed people than the simple and credulous natives whom he intended to awe by his power.

5§2 I HE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

After leaving Salt Lake City on his mission we next hear of him in San Francisco, where he succeeded in gaining considerable newspaper notoriety.

From these articles extracts were published in the Saturday

Press at Honolulu, and afterward in a pamphlet, entitled "The Shepherd Saint of Lanai,"in 1882, by his political opponents upon the Sandwich Islands.

As these extracts give a sketch of the life of the man we will reproduce them here for the information of the reader.

"Walter M. Gibson is almost as noticeable a specimen of the genuine roving Yankee as ever turned up; yet he was not born in America at all, and he has no New England blood in him.

"He was born on the Bay of Biscay, was raised in rebellious South Carolina, kept an 'old field school'at fifteen, married at seventeen, and was a widower with three children at twenty-one, at which same ripe age he was master of the first iron steamship ever built in the United

States.

In 1843 he planned an expedition to

California, and bought a schooner for the purpose, but the project fell through.

But though the California expedition failed, some California ventures did not, and of course the captain went to Washington.

For a while he was Consul Ceneral for Guatemala, San Salvador and Costa Rica;

and in 1849 and 1850, we hear of him sojourning at Mango de Clava, Santa Anna's residence, and with a Russian envoy and a convoy of soldiers, visiting every State in Mexico, and rumaging in the subterranean ruins of Xochychalco.

Next we hear of him as the guest of General Robles at Vera Cruz, and then master of the late U.

S. revenue cutter Flirt, in the harbor of New York, with an armament on board for the service of General Carrera of Guatemala.

Uncle Sam had a suspicion that the Flirt had Cuba in her saucy eye, and sends a marshal on board.

But as the marshal is something of a hindrance, he is cheerfully helped over the side in a fishing boat, and the Flirt, having already landed again her suspicious armament, puts to sea, distancing handsomely a steamer that gives chase.

The Flirt visits Block Island, but shows her heels when a revenue cutter from Newport heaves in sight.

The Flirt had not been many days at sea when Captain Gibson discovered that the sailing master and a passenger are plotting to treat him, in midocean, as the U.

S.

marshal had been treated in New York harbor.

He makes the conspirators prisoners in the cabin, and before a loaded pistol, accepts their apologies and pardons them.

This little matter had been nearly forgotten, when, after a three days'tarry at the Cape de Verde Islands, on signalizing the two pardoned friends to come on board, two government boats, full of marines, escort the absentees to the vessel, and propose to arrest the captain on a charge of piracy.

The captain refuses to be arrested, but in his own gig goes on shore, is surrounded by a platoon of ragged soldiers, who conduct him to the Government House, where his lately pardoned sailing master and passenger confront him.

with their charges.

The captain luckily spoke Portuguese with fluency.

He made his statement, presented his papers, and on the whispered suggestion, that in the rear of the cabin is a fine article of cordon bleu, the court adjourns to the cabin of the Flirt, and with mutual apologies for the trouble they have given each other, the authorities go on shore, and the Flirt on her cruise.

''The Flirt, with terror, found as she got out to sea again, that somebody had smashed her chronometer and other nautical instruments, wherefore 'she must grope her way and at last reaches the

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

5 8S coast of Brazil.

There had been mutiny on board, meanwhile, and some blood spilled on the decks, and an attempt was made by the Brazilian authorities to arrest the captain.

No American being in port, the captain finds refuge in the house of the British Consul.

The boy who was left on board with the marines in charge of the Flirt, seeing the dim smoke of a steamer to seaward, ran up at a venture, the United States ensign, Union down.

The infuriated marines cut it down the next instant; but it had floated aloft long enough to arrest the attention of Captain Drake of the British sloop- of-war, Conflict, which was running down the coast looking for slavers.

Captain Drake brought the matter to a speedy issue, and the Flirt and her owner went on their rambling way.

All the troubles of the captain with Brazilians, Portuguese, and afterwards with the Dutch, grew out of their simple inability to comprehend how and why a man should be in so fine a vessel with no cargo on board.

Before the Flirt had ended her long cruise, she had twisted in and out among the least visited of the Polynesian groups, giving her commander opportunity to explore many islands, to organize some independent Malay

States, and get an experience of the Prison of the Weltevreden.

"Returning at last to America, President Pierce sent him as a diplomatic agent to Europe; he was attache of the American Legation under Mr. Mason.

Back again he wrote a book.

Failed to be appointed, though the South Carolina delegation in Congress urged it strongly, as special envoy, to negotiate treaties of amity and commerce with the Malay States.

The Malays are the captain's hobby, which he has been riding hard these three years.

"While drifting through the great

National Circumlocution office, the captain proposed to Dr.

Bernhisel, the Utah delegate, a plan for removing the Mormons from Utah to some great unoccupied island of Oceanica.

The project was not unfavorably considered for a while;

but Mr. Buchanan's army, and peace commissioners at their heels, suddenly put another aspect on the Mormon question, and the scheme was dropped.

But the Malay question still lives, and the captain, chasing it down with a little party of friends—and his only daughter is one of the company—cross the continent, run the gauntlet of the Dacotahs, pausing to recruit at Brigham Young's headquarters, and are in town (S. F.) just now. on their way to the site, wherever it may be, of the new and yet unfounded colony."While among the East Indies upon the "extended cruise"above referred to, Gibson wrote an inflammatory letter to a native prince, the Sultan of Djambi, assuring him and all Malays of his friendship and his aid in overthrowing the power of the Dutch, who claimed their territory.

This letter fell into the hands of the Dutch, and Gibson was arrested, charged with inciting the natives to revolt.

He was three times acquitted in inferior courts, but upon being brought before the highest criminal court of the Dutch territory, was convicied and sentenced "to stand half an hour under the gallows, to imprisonment for twelve years, and then to banishment."He succeeded in making his escape after two weeks, and made his way to the United States, where he made his complaint to the government and demanded indemnity.

His case was.

vigorously pressed by our government, and, in consequence, a war between the United States and Holland was narrowly averted.

Gibson claimed that he was not responsible for the treasonable utterances of the letter, that it was written by his Malay secretary, as he himself was not sufficiently acquainted with the native language to write it.

His de-

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

tense was that his mate desired to take a trip inland into the kingdom of the Sultan, and the letter was dictated merely with a view of giving him an introduction that might serve as a passport.

The government of Netherlands, India, charged him with knowingly and wilfully writing the letter with the intention of stirring up the natives to revolt.

The government of the United States accepted Gibson's story, and believing him to have been wronged, espoused his cause with energy.

Mr. Belmont, American minister at Hague, acting upon instructions from Mr. Marcy, Secretary of State, even went so far as to hint that force would be used if necessary to compel a settlement of 'the claim of $100,000.

At this time the Dutch government furnished the United States government a copy of a letter written by Gibson to the governor of the Netherlands, India, which put an entirely different face on the whole matter.

In it he virtually acknowledges all that was charged against him, and appeals to the clemency of the government against which his treason was meditated.

One clause seems to afford an index to his cherished ambition and makes clear the reasons for his efforts to persuade President Young to lead the Church to the islands of the

Pacific, that he himself might be exalted in power.

Said he:

"I know, and most respectfully avow, that I have allowed my fancy and my vanity to get the better of my judgment.

Much of the time, during my stay within the jurisdiction of the Netherlands Indian Government,

I remember to have indulged in bravadoes that I would become a potentate in the East. And this to Europeans and natives, who I cannot suppose to have attached any importance to what I said than as a vainglorious boast; but I must even add in extenuation that this was after a plentiful indulgence in wine.

I have been too often led away in life by some high colored, romantic idea;

but as I said in the commencement, I write not for defense on the occasion, but to avow that I committed grave errors in a too free way of speaking with natives; and ultimately allowing my mate to depart into the interior, and in signing a letter addressed to a native chief, in the Malay character, without sufficiently examining or endeavoring to know, its inflammatory contents."While the matter was being pressed by the United States, by a resolution in the House, the correspondence in the case was called for and was printed.

It is a voluminous report, covering three hundred and lourteen pages.

When it was printed it was found that the above quoted letter, upon which the Dutch government relied to prove the justice of its course, was missing.

Inquiry developed the fact that Mr.

Gibson had had free access to the papers, and that only he could have taken it.

While he was not directly accused of the theft, certain it is that his case was suddenly dropped, and^ what had nearly been a war between the two countries was happily averted.

We have devoted so much space to the personal history of this remarkable man, both because of its peculiar interest in relation to our government, and because it seems a connected thread leading up to events in which we are more directly interested as a people.

Who can doubt after perusing the foregoing sketch that it was with the ambition of yet becoming ''a Potentate in the East"that he came to Utah with his scheme of colonization, and afterward secured his roving commission as a missionary to the islands of the Pacific?

If there be any doubt his subsequent acts upon the Sandwich Islands, the relation of which will be reserved for a future chapter, must forever dispel it.

Marvin E. Pack,

Zion's Medical <£ Surgical NOW READY INSTITUTE.

DR. G. W. SHORES, Chief Consulting Physician.

DR. N. D. ESTES, As»'t Consulting Physician

Office in the Harmon Block, No. 34 East

Second South St., Salt Lake City.

Treat and Cure Catarrh and all Chronic, Nervous and Private Diseases of Both Sexes.

SPECIALTIES:

Eye, ear, nose, throat, lungs, stomach, bowels, heart, liver, kidneys, bladder, rheumatism, St. Vitus dance, fits, skin diseases, blood disease, and all diseases of women and children.

Surgical Department:

Tumors, club foot, hair lip, stiff joints, rupture, and all deformities.

We cure PILES by our new painless method.

No cutting, no detention from business.

Send stamp for Dr. G.W. Shores'Guide to Health, and new symptom list free.

No charge for consultation.

DANIEL HARRINGTON, attorney & atanisidor-at-Saw.

Constitution Building, Opposite Z. C. M. I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT HOME INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Macbeth lamp-chimneys are perfect, besides being made of tough glass.

But you want the one that is made for your lamp.

Let us send you the Index free.

Geo A Macbeth Co Pittsburgh Pa The Fourth Edition of the M.

I.

A. MANUAL Part 1, Is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid, CENTS.

Also twelve lessons for this year's work of M.

I.

A. MANUAL, Part 2, Price per copy, postpaid, IS CENTS.

FOR SALE BY The Contributor Co.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, P. O. BOX 520, AND BY OTHER BOOK DEALERS.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency and officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

.

CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS.

w.

COPYRIGHTS, etc, wTTn.f rrBlatA9P and frce Handbook write to _ MUNN & CO., 361 Broadway. New York.

Ulaest bureau for securing: patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us it^roupht before the public by a notice given freeol'charge in the

MtntiiU Jtatom fear; $1.50 six months.

~Address >~MUNV r&'co'* Publishers, 361 Broadway, New York City.

YOU SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR THE CONTRIBUTOR

POWDER

Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tartar baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest United States Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER Co., New York

WORLD'S PICTORIAL LINE.

UNION PACIFIC Union <» SYSTEM.

The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars and Through Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis

Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver W. Mink E.ElleryAnderson Fred'k R. Coudert John W. Doane Receivers.

D. E. BUR LEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E. DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Gen'l Mgr.

G.F&T.A.

%:*%3ccaDcQ»^ FOR Books, Stationery, Toys, Day and Sunday School and Office SEND TO OGDEN.

\.

HI