tise in The Contributor.

June CO <x> <Xoo CO O h^ £Q Sf h^ TSSt CD CJ> S o O to to CO.92 o 3CEvery Y.JJ.JB.I ft. should have a set of Bound Contributor i

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR JUNE, 1896.

PAGE L66 Salem Witchcraft.

II.. (Illustrated) B. F. Cummings, Jr.

My College Days. VIII Richard R. Lyman.

The Consistencies of Mormonism. V

James H. Wallis.

Important Questions Answered....

Joseph F. Smith.

The Lord Upholds the Fainting Soul

Edward H. Anderson.

A Child of the People Fanny M. Johnson.

My First Mission. IV Francis M. Lyman.

Irish Bulls "Repent nee of Alma."Annie G. Lauritzen.

4k:;

My Wooly Confederate Alan Clifford. 484 The World's Progress during the last Hundred Years

C. R. Savage.

"Be Thou the True Man Thou dost Seek! "

The Sandwich Islands Country and Mission. VII

Marvin E. Pack.

\'.>2 John Stevens'Courtship.

A Tale ot the Buchanan War. IX

Homespun. 4W The Dream.

I....

A Day with the Cowboys H. Allen Clark. 507 Answer to a Question,.

.M. H. Hardy.

Wedding Prayer To a Comet C. L. W.

Editorial: The Form of Baptism

Happiness.

....

Gleanings A TYne of Voice Established 18/3 WILFORD WOODRUFF, President.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and Largest Sav* lngs Bank In Utah, with Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prt$t.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Prttt.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J.

Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, George M.

Cannon, L. John Nuttall, We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any Information yon desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., A.

MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.

RICHARD A. MCCURDY, PRESIDENT.

HAS PAID TO MEMBERS OVER $400,000,000.00.

HAS ON HAND OVER $220,000,000.00.

Writes Policies suited to the needs of persons in all circumstances.

For rates or information address or apply to

WILLIAM M. DOLLIVER, Dis. Manager for Utah, 55, 56, 57 COMMERCIAL BLOCK, SALT LAKE CITY.

on i o: PROSPECTUS*—FOR—o^-^ utor.

1595-6..

We are pleased to announce the following as some of the leading features <>( Volume Seventeen of Thb Contributor.

It is the determination to make this magazine occupy the front rank in our home literature, and we trust this effort will find encouragement in the liberal patronage of the public

PRESIDENT JOSEPH P. SMITH will instruct and interest oui readers with some articles descriptive of

Early Days in the Valley, which will contain reminiscences of his valuable though ofttimes trying experiences as a boy and man in Utah.

My hirst nission, will be the title of some articles from the pen of APOSTLE FRANCIS M. LYMAN, wherein he will give an account of his interesting experience of traveling "without purse or scrip,"and many marvelous incidents connected with his ministry abroad.

APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT will narrate in a series of illustrated articles the incidents of a Visit to the Moquis,. made by himself and Apostlb Briqham Young.

These papers will portray in a reu^rkable manner the care and power of God which accompanied these

Elders.

The customs of this Indian tribe will also receive attention.

£n!em Witchcraft, A succinct historical account of this remarkable feature of New England colonial history;

theories and explanations of its phenomena, offered by leading writers; treatment of the subject from the standpoint ef«a Latter-day Saint, by B. F. CUMMINGS, JR.

ELDER MARVIN E. PACK will prepare a series of illustrated and highly interesting papers on The Sandwich Islands Country and nission.

These articles will give a brief historical account of this group of islands, review some of the customs of the people, and describe the past labors of our missionaries and the present condition of the latter-day work.

Twelve papers will be furnished by ELDER JAMES H. WALLIS as*

The Consistencies of Mormonism.

These will be most ably written, and are designed to furnish argument!

in favor of the truth for our missionaries and those who are called to do (end our religion.

SPECIFIC

For Scrofula.

"Since childhood, I have been afflicted with scrofulous boils and sores, which caused me terrible suffering.

Physicians were unable to helpjne, and 1 only grew worse under their care.

At length, began to take AYER'S Sarsaparilla, and very soon grew better.

After using half a dozen bottles \\ ^^j'I \v;is completely cured, so that 1 have not had a boil or pimple on any part of my body for the last twelve years.

I can cordially recommend Ayer's Sarsaparilla as the very best blood-purifier in existence."—G.

T. Keinhart, Myersville, Texas.

My School Days at Ann Arbor Will receive treatment by ELDER KICHAKD R-

LYMAN who recently graduated us a civil engineer from this noted Michigan school with high honors.

These articles will bo illustrated.

College Department.

The Latter-day Saints'College in Salt Lake Cltyi will be represented by a department which will be supplied with essays and other articles from students and teachers.

These productions will represent, as far as possible, the actual work of the College, and will pass through the hands of the

Principal, who will see that everything used is of a high order.

The Musical Department Will be in charge of Professors JOHN J. McCLELLAN and WILLARD

DONE.

A graded series of musical compositions, original and selected, will be published, Including solos, duets, quartettes and choruses chosen with special reference to their adaptability to M.I.A. work.

Home composers are earnestly invited to send their productions to the editors of this department.

M.

I. flanual, Part III, By MILTON H HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL, committee on compilation.

M.

I. Work, A series of articles on practical work in the Associations, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHAIX.

The Study of Self, A series of articles by GEORGE H. BRIMHALL and MILTON H. HARDY.

Association Intelligence.

In this department will appear all instructive or Interesting matter pertaining to M. I. A. work, Including answers to questions, reports, suggestions, etc.

We particularly invite all active workers in the Ass'-ciations to assist by their literary contributions In making this department of prime importance.

The Eisteddfod Prize Male Quartette, For which The Contributor gave a $25.00 cash prize, will appear in this volume of the Magazine.

John Stevens'Courtship, a Tale of the Buchanan War, is the title of a deeply interesting serial story which will be continued through the whole volume; its author is our versatile and talented friend

SUSA YOUNG GATES (Homespun), whose already published narratives have been of so much interest.

Ideal flanhood:

Some Suggestions about it.

This will be the title of some articles containing valuable suggestions to our young men who have an ambition to do or be something in the world.

The author is a long resident of Utah, but desires his identity concealed and will consequently write under the nom de plume of SIMPLEX.

Sermons and Writings from the Prophets, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEO.

H. BRIMHALL.

Volume Seventeen will be beautifully illustrated with

Choice Original Engravings, representing scenes and incidents of great value to the progressive student.

subscription Price, $2.00 per Year, Postpaid.

Address THE? CONTRIBUTOR CO., P.O.Box 520.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

P. S. - Please remit by P.O. Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

THE ONLY WORLD'S FAIR Sarsaparilla Ayer's Cherry Pectoral cures Coughs and Colds

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor1708eng

Vol. XVII.

JUNE, 1896.

No.

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

11.

The indictment against Sarah Good was as follows:

"The jurors ior our Sovereign Lord and Lady, the King and Queen, present that Sarah Good, wife of William Good, of Salem village, husbandman, the second day of May, in the fourth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, William and Mary, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, king and queen, defenders of the faith, etc., and divers other days and times, as well before as after, certain detestable arts called witchcraft and sorceries, wickedly and feloneously hath used, practiced and exercised, at and within the township of Salem within the county of Essex aforesaid, in, upon and against one Sarah Vibber, wife of John

Vibber of Salem aforesaid, husbandman, by which said wicked arts she, said Sarah Vibber, the said second day of May in the fourth year aforesaid and divers other days and times as well before as after, was and is afflicted, pined, consumed, wasted and tormented, and also for sundry other acts of witchcraft by said Sarah Good committed and done, before and since that time, against the peace of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, the King and Queen, their crown and dignity, and against the forme of the statute in that case made and provided."

A second indictment charged Sarah

Good with a similar offense against 8 a Elizabeth Hubbard, and a third accused her of using similar arts on Ann Putnam.

The date specified in the last two indictments as being that on which the offense was committed on Elizabeth Hubbard and Ann Putnam, was March 1, the day the examination was begun before Magistrates Hawthorne and Corwin, and on which the accusing children were seized with fits, etc.

Similar procedure was taken in most of the cases tried.

The defendant would be arrested on a warrant in which the date of the offense would be given at some time previous to its issue, "sundry times"within a specified period being generally alleged.

The defendant would be arrested and detained in prison awhile, when the preliminary examination before the committing magistrates would occur, during which the witnesses would fall in fits, etc., as previously described.

When the indictment by the grand jury came to be drawn, the specific offense charged would generally be alleged to have occurred on the day of the examination.

The object in so selecting the date of the offense seems to have been to choose an occasion on which the guilt of the accused was most public and notorious, and hence most easily proven.

During the trial a great deal of remarkable testimony was given.

A woman named Deliverance Hobbs, called as a witness, confessed that she herself was a witch that a meeting

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

of witches had taken place at night in Rev.

Mr.

Parris's field;

that a minister named George Burroughs, (afterwards executed for witchcraft), was present at that meeting, and preached and administered the sacrament to the assembled witches, of whom, the witness declared, Sarah Good was one.

The afflicted children declared they knew of this meeting, and that Sarah Good was present.

A young woman named Mary Warren testified that "Sarah Good is a witch and brought her the book to sign."This book was understood to be a small red one, the property of Lucifer, containing the contract which persons, desiring to become witches, were required to sign.

It was frequently referred to by witnesses during the witchcraft trials, of which it was made to form a prominent feature, numbers of witnesses testifying to having seen it, and to having been asked to "set their hands to it,"that is, sign it, or write their names in it.

Two men and one woman testified that a young woman named Susan

Sheldon had had her hands tied by witches in such a manner that, in order to release her, they were obliged to cut the string;

that her hands had been tied in that manner four times within two weeks;

that the victim of the prank had told them that twice they were tied by a woman named Dustin, and that twice they were tied by the defendant, Sarah Good.

These same witnesses also declared that whenever Susan Sheldon "touched the string she was bit;"and that a broom had been carried out of the house and lodged in a tree.

A witness named Johanna Chilburn testified that the apparition of Sarah Good, accompanied by that of the latter's child, which, it seems, had been dead some time, appeared to and talked with her;

that the child said its mother had murdered it;

that the mother had acknowledged the crime and said she had killed her child because "she could not attend it;"that the child called its mother a witch, and that the mother said she had given her child to the devil.

A man named Herrick "testified that Sarah Good came to his father's house and desired to lodge there;

but his father forbade it and she went away grumbling.

Being followed and forbidden to sleep in the barn, she replied that it would cost his father one or two of his best cows."Elizabeth Hubbard, one of the afflicted, testified that she saw the apparition of Sarah Good, and that it "did most grievously afflict her, by pinching and pricking;"that the affliction was continual at intervals for some time prior to March 1st, the day of the examination, on which occasion the apparition again tortured her.

This witness also testified to having seen the apparition of Sarah Good, Elizabeth Parris, Abigail Williams, Ann Putnam and

Sarah Vibber.

The latter was the victim named in the indictment and the other three were the children who had started the movement.

Susan Sheldon testified that she had been "most grievously"tortured by the apparition of Sarah Good, "biting, pricking, pinching and almost choking her to death."On one occasion, according to this witness, Sarah Good's apparition had violently pulled her down behind a chest and tied her hands together with a wheel band, and choked her.

Two men were forced to cut the band from her hands, as they could not untie it.

The following deposition by the child, Ann Putnam, was admitted in evidence:

"The deposition of Ann Putnam,

Jr., who testifieth and saith that on the twenty-fifth of February, 1691- 2, I saw the apparition'of Sarah Good, which did torture me most grievouslv, but I did not know her name until the twenty-seventh ot

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

February, and then she told me her name was Sarah Good.

And then she did pinch me most grievously, and also since, several times urging me vehemently to write in her book.

And also on the first of March, being the day of her examination, Sarah Good did most grievously torture me, and also several times since.

And also on the first day of March, 1692, I saw the apparition of Sarah Good go and afflict the bodies of Elizabeth Parris, Abigail Williams and Elizabeth Hubbard.

Also I have seen the apparition of Sarah Good afflicting the body of Sarah Vibber.

"(Signed) Ann V^ K Putnam."The remarkable precocity of a twelve-year old girl in making such a deposition as that, will appear less remarkable, when it is remembered that her father, Thomas Putnam, was a vigorous prosecutor of the alleged witches, and on a number of occasions prepared depositions for her.

According to Nevin, Sarah Vibber, a married woman, thirty-six years old, and the victim named in the indictment under which this trial was being held, testified that the defendant, Sarah Good, had "tortured

Mercy Lewis on April nth, and herself on May 2nd, by pressing her breath almost out, and also afflicted her infant so that she and Vibber could not hold it.

Since then the apparition of Sarah Good had pinched, beat and choked her, and pricked her with pins.

Subsequently, one night, Good's apparition came into her room, pulled down the clothes and looked at her fouryears old child, and it had a great fit."While the trial was progressing, one of the prosecuting witnesses, a female, cried out that the defendant had just stabbed her, and had broken the knife-blade in so doing.

"Thereupon,"says Nevin, "a young man arose in the court and stated that he broke that very knife the previous day and threw away the point.

He produced the remaining part of the knife.

It was then apparent that the girl had picked up the point which he threw away, and put it in the bosom of her dress, whence she drew it to corroborate her statement that some one had stabbed her.

She had deliberately falsified, and used the knife point to reinforce the falsehood.

If she were false in this statement, why not in all?

If one girl falsified, how do we know whom to believe?"We now come to one of the most extraordinary incidents of this weird and horrible drama.

Little Dorcas Good, sometimes called Dorothy, the daughter of the defendant, and only five years old, was put on the witness stand and testified against her mother.

Of course she was too young to realize what she was doing, and was merely a puppet in the hands of others.

Her testimony was to the effect that her mother had "three birds, one black and one yellow, and these birds hurt the afflicted persons."Sarah Good was convicted, sentenced to be hanged, and executed about three weeks after her trial.

Rev. Mr.

Noyes, a minister at Salem, and a man of superior intelligence and ability, but a zealous foe of witchcraft, was present at the execution; and as the doomed woman mounted the scaffold he said to her:

"You are a witch, and you know you are a witch."She uttered the spirited reply and threat:

''You are a liar.

I am no more a witch than you are a wizzard, and if you take mv life, God will give you blood to drink."Returning to little Dorcas Good, aged five years:

After testifying against her mother, she was herself accused of being a witch, and three depositions filed against her, are still preserved in the court house at Salem, one of which is as follows:

"The deposition of Mercy Lewis, aged about nineteen years, who testified! and saith, that on the second

SALEM WITCHCRAF'J.

of April, 1692, the apperishtion of Dorothy Good, Sarah Good's daughter, came to me and did afflict me, urging me to write in her book and several times since Dorothy Good hath afflicted me, biting, pinching and choking me, urging me to write in her book."Mary Wolcott, a young girl, and the precocious Ann Putnam, gave similar testimony against the infantile witch.

Little Dorcas was, with all due formality of law, committed to jail with her mother.

What was her subsequent fate is not clear, but it is certain that she was not executed.

In the foregoing account of the trial of Sarah Good the term apparition has frequently occurred, and probably some further explanation respecting it should be made.

It was a part of the doctrine of witchcraft that a person who had made the necessary compact with the devil was by him endowed with a power which enabled the spirit, spectre or apparition, as it was variously called, of the witch to leave her body, go where it listed, and afflict and torment her victims.

The witch herself, alive and moving about in a given house, apartment or spot, might, at the same time, by means of her apparition, be at a distance, and engaged in her mysterious and hellish work.

It will be observed that this theory rendered utterly impossible the defense of an alibi.

It was also believed, as Upham says, that witches "had power to transform themselves into the likeness of some animal.

They also had imps under their control.

These imps were generally supposed to bear the resemblance of some small insect, such as a fly or a spider.

The latter animal was prevailingly considered as most likely to bear this character.

The accused person was closely watched in order that the spider imp might be seen when it approached to obtain its nourishment, as it was thought to do, from the witchmark on her body.

Within the cells of a prison spiders were of course often seen.

Whenever one made its appearance the guard attacked it with all the zeal and vehemence with which it was natural and proper to assault an agent of the wicked one.

If the spider was killed in the encounter it was considered as an innocent animal and all suspicion was removed from the character.

But if it escaped into a crack or crevice of the apartment, as spiders often do when assaulted, all doubt of its guilty connection with the prisoner was removed;

it was set down as beyond question or cavil her veritable imp, and the evidence of her confederacy with the devil was regarded thenceforward as complete."A part of the proceedings during the trial of a witch, male or female, was the appointment of examiners of the same sex as the accused, whose duty it was to make a thorough examination of the latter's body in search of "witchmarks."If a wart, wen, mole or excrescence of any kind were found, it was deemed a "witchmark,"and conclusive proof of guilt.

Such were the notions of our ancestors, and such their superstitions.

But it was only on special occasions that these notions and superstitions led to tragic results.

Ordinarily they were held in abeyance, or were not given active expression;

but when some cause arose to give them active force, deplorable consequences ensued.

There were men in and around Salem at the time of which we write who were skeptical respecting them, but the unbelievers formed a small minority.

During the same week in which occurred the examination of Sarah Good, whose trial and doom have just been chronicled, Sarah Osburn and Tituba were also examined. The testimony and proceedings in Sarah Osburn's case were precisely similar to those in that of Sarah Good.

She strenuously denied having familiarity

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

with any evil spirit, or having made any contract with the devil, and protested that she had not hurt the children who testified against her, and who were the same that gave the testimony which convicted Sarah Good.

Schoolmaster Cheever's record of her examination says:

"Mr.

Hathorne (the magistrate) desired all the children to stand up and look upon her, and see if they did not knovv her, which they all did.

And everyone of them said this was one of the women that did afflict them, and that they had constantly seen her in the very habit (dress) she was now in.

Three evidences (witnesses) declared that she said this morning that she was more like to be bewitched than that she was a witch.

Mr. Hathorne asked her what made her say so.

She answered that she was frightened one time in her sleep, and either saw or dreamed she saw a thing like an

Indian, all black, which did pinch her in the neck, and pulled her by the back part of her head to the door of the house."Sarah Osburn was aged about sixty years and in feeble health.

She was, as the result of her examination, committed to jail in Boston to await indictment by the grand jury, but her sufferings, mental and physical, were more than she could endure, and she died in prison.

Tituba, whose examination occurred the same week, made a confession.

She understood English imperfectly, which is probably one reason why her statement seemed to be somewhat rambling. When asked if she ever went on a witch expedition with Good and Osburn she replied:

"They are very strong and pull me, and make me go with them.

The examination continued Where did you go?

Up to Mr.

Putnam's and make me hurt the child.

Who did make you go?

A man that is very strange, and these two women, Good and Osburn, but I am sorry.

How did you go?

What did you ride upon?

I ride upon a stick or pole, and Good and Osburn behind me; we ride taking hold of one another;

I don't know how we go, for I saw no trees or path, but was presently there when we were up.

Tituba further declared that she never had practiced witchcraft in her own country, and when asked what sights she saw on the witch expedition, she said:

"I see a man, a dog, a hog, and two cats, a black and red, and the strange monster was Osburn's that I mentioned before, this was the hairy imp.

The man would give it to me but I would not have it."This "confession,"extorted, as Tituba afterwards declared, by the beatings of her master, Rev.

Mr.

Parris, was received and filed with judicial solemnity by the magistrates, and Tituba was committed to prison, whence, as previously stated, she was sold, after more than a year's confinement.

The prosecution of these three cases, Sarah Good, Sarah Osburn and Tituba, the evidence adduced at the examinations, and particularly the "confession"of Tituba, set the entire community in a flame.

Reason was dethroned.

A wild mania swept over the whole colony.

Fantastic and barbarous superstition suddenly superseded civilization.

The foundations upon which rested all social relations were broken up.

Husband and wife and parent and child, defying all ties of nature, and all restraints of judgment or of conscience, accused each other of the deadly crime ol witchcraft, and arrests were made so fast that all the jails in the colony were soon filled to overflowing.

It will be remembered that the first arrests for witchcraft occurred on the last day of February, 1692, and that the examinations of the prisoners, Sarah Good, Sarah Osburn and Tituba, were held during the following week.

About the time

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

these three were committed to prison to await indictment, the girls who were the accusers, and were generally referred to as the "afflicted,"began to accuse Martha Corey.

She was the wife of Giles Corey, and was a woman of more than ordinary intelligence, sincere piety, and the highest respectability.

Her age was about sixty-five years, and her husband was eighty years old.

From the first breaking out of the witchcraft excitement, Giles Corey had been carried away with it.

He had been a curious observer of the afflicted children before any arrests were made, and had been an eager spectator during the hearings in court.

His wife, on the contrary, denounced the whole proceedings, and sought to persuade him not to countenance them, nor attend the examinations.

One of the accusations against her was that she once took the saddle off his horse when he was preparing to attend court.

Martha Corey is one of the very few members of the community whose names have been handed down as having taken such a stand, and there is little doubt that her attitude respecting the prevailing fanaticism, was the cause of her being accused.

Soon after the afflicted girls began to mention her name, two men, named Edward Putnam and Ezekiel Cheever, the latter being the schoolmaster, who had acted as court reporter, set out to secure a confession from her.

On the way, they called on Ann Putnam, the twelve -year-old girl who was fast acquiring the reputation of a witchcatcher, to see what aid she could give them.

The girl claimed to have seen Martha Corey's apparition, and declared that it had just made a call upon her.

The men asked her to describe the clothes the apparition wore, but the girl replied that the latter had so blinded her, she could not see what clothes she wore.

The two men then went on to the Corey residence, and, according to their testimony given later, the old lady said:

"I know what you have come for.

You are come to talk with me about being a witch, but I am none.

I cannot help people's talking about me."She asked whether one of the afflicted had attempted to describe her clothes.

This question, coupled with her correct divination of the purpose of her visitors'errand, was regarded by them on the spot, and afterwards by the court, as conclusive evidence that she was a witch.

It would have been but fair to presume that she knew her name had been mentioned as a suspect, and that the afflicted generally tried to describe the appearance and clothing of the spectres;

but under the prevailing fanaticism, no presumptions in favor of an accused person were entertained.

The interview between Putnam and Cheever and their victim was prolonged, but they were unable to extort any confession from her.

Regarding what they said to her they afterwards testified in court, according to the records:

"She made but little answer to this, but seemed to smile at it as if she had showed us a pretty trick.

She told us that she did not think that there were any witches.

Wee told her wee were fully satisfied about the first three that they were such persons they were accused for, shee said if they were we could not blame the devill for making witches of them, for they were idle, slothful persons,?nd minded nothing that was good."Martha Corey was arrested and, at the hearing, underwent the usual brow-beating and cross-examination by the magistrates.

She persisted in denying her guilt, and displayed both piety and dignity during the severe ordeal.

The following is a portion of the record of her examination, taken from the original document which is on file in Salem courthouse.

Hathorne was the examining magistrate:

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

Mr. Hathorne.

You are now in the hands of authority.

Tell me why you now hurt these persons.

—I do not.

Hathorne. Who doth?—Pray give me leave to go to prayer.

This request was made sundry times.

Hathorne.

We do not send for you to go to prayer, but tell me why you hurt these.—I am an innocent person.

I never had to do with witchcraft since I was born.

I am a a gospel woman.

Hathorne.

How could you tell then that the child was bid to observe what clothes you wore when some one came to speak with you?

Cheever interrupted her and told her not to begin with a lie, and so Edward Putnam declared the matter.

Hathorne.

Who told you that?

—He said the child said.

Cheever.

You speak falsely Then Edward Putnam read again.

Hathorne.

Why did you ask if the child asked what clothes you wore?—My husband told me the others told.

Hathorne.

Good man Corey, did you tell her?

The old man denied that he told her so.

Hathorne.

Did you not say your husband told you so?

No answer.

Hathorne.

You dare thus lie in all this assembly?

You are now before authority.

I expect the truth.

You promised it.

Speak now and tell who told you what clothes.

Nobody.

During the hearing in the crowded courtroom, when the defendant denied any charge against her, the record says there was "extreme agony of all the afflicted."The report also says that "when she bit her lip several of the afflicted were bitten,"and "when her hands were at liberty the afflicted were pinched."

Hathorne asked:

"Do you not see these children and women are rational and sober when your hands are fastened?""Immediately they were seized with fits, and the standers-by said she was squeezing her fingers, her hands being eased by them that held them on purpose for trial.

Quickly after the marshal said, 'She hath bit her lip,'and immediately the afflicted were in an uproar.

The poor woman's husband, old Giles Corey, became a witness against her.

A deposition made by him recites a number of trivial circumstances that happened in and about the house, to which a person in a normal frame of mind would not attach the slightest significance, but which were deemed proof that the defendant was in league with Lucifer.

She was committed to jail to await indictment and trial, and remained in prison till the following September, when she was convicted and executed.

Calef, who wrote of the witchcraft tragedy a few years after it occurred, says:

"Martha Corey, wife of Giles Corey, protesting her innocency, concluded her life with an eminent prayer upon the ladder."About a month after the arrest of his wife, Giles Corey was also arrested on the same charge, among his accusers being the same children who procured her death.

At his examination the proceedings were similar to those had in his wife's case.

He was committed to jail for indictment and trial.

This was in April.

At the September term of court he was arraigned to plead to the indictment which the grand jury had found against him.

He refused to plead, or "stood mute,"as the legal phrase is.

The English law, in force at that time, provided that a defendant who ''stood mute''should be ''pressed to death."The prisoner was to "be remanded to the prison from whence he came and put into a low, dark chamber, and there be laid on his back on the bare floor, naked, unless where decency forbids;

that

My COLLEGE DAYS there be placed upon his body as great a weight of iron as he could bear, and more, that he have no sustenance, save only on the first day, three morsels of the worst bread, and on the second day, three draughts of standing water, that should be nearest to the prison door, and in this situation this should be alternately his daily diet till he died,"or till he answered.

Realizing his own innocence, and at the same time the utter uselessness of any attempt in his power to make to establish it, Giles Corey allowed himself to be executed in the horrible manner described in the above statute, except that the officers, in response to his urging, added so much weight that he lived but a few hours, judging by what information has been handed down.

Calef says:

"In pressing, his tongue being pressed out of his mouth, the sheriff with his cane forced it in again when he was dying."This circumstance, which is doubtless authentic, indicates the extent to which the people were enwrapped in this horrible nightmare.

It should here be added, that this was the only instance in which death by pressing was ever inflicted by judicial authority in New England.

Probably the statute under which this case occurred was an obsolete one, resurrected by the witch prosecutors for the occasion.

B. F. dimmings, Jr.

(To be continued.

MY COLLEGE DAYS.

VIII.

Before leaving the subject of entertainments I shall describe somewhat, in detail, a visit of the legislature to the university, and a celebration of Washington's birthday.

As stated before, the University of

Michigan depends almost entirely on legislative appropriations for its support, and the members of each new legislature feel that a visit to the university, is a duty they owe the state.

People are always most interested in that of which they know most, or that with which they are most closely connected.

The traveling man not infrequently finds himself thinking of a large city as consisting of nothing more than its central depot and a few of its business houses.

The majority of the people living in that same great commonwealth, go to and from their work without a thought of the net-work of roads, and the apparent complex combinations of freight, passenger and express trains, that carry support to the city.

Likewise, the majority of the people in a state, go about their various duties, having entirely forgotten the institutions of learning, than which, in all the state, there is nothing of greater importance.

Many men are elected legislators that have never seen a college, and it is these who are anxious to see the institution that petitions for such large appropriations.

Let me say, however, that the election of persons unacquainted with the university, is less frequent now than formerly, from the fact that so many graduates of the university find their way to the legislative halls.

Apparently some of these men have forgotten that the world moves.

In imagination I see one such, as his train hurries him from the capital to the university city.

While reflecting on the purpose of his errand he forgets that he is old, and to him comes the recollections of that little school he attended a few months each winter during the days of his boyhood.

My COLLEGE DAYS.

Later he finds himself in a carriage.

Ahead he sees the campus, whose many beautiful trees make it resemble a grove.

Being informed that the university is there, he strains his eyes to see the building.

He views the first large structure, and to himself admits that it is more than he had expected.

Soon he discovers a second, a third, and a fourth.

When he has seen twentyfive or thirty fine, commodious buildings, his eyes begin to open and he begins to see.

After taking a general view, the class rooms, the heating plant, the gymnasium, the museums, the laboratories, the libraries, the hospitals, the experiment stations, are each visited.

In the shops they find a man at every anvil and one at every bench;

the laboratories are crowded, the class rooms are filled, and still there are many taking exercise in the gymnasium.

Thus this great educational machine moves effectively and harmoniously.

When the campus clock strikes two, the wheels begin to move more slowly, the chemicals are put away, the acid-stained aprons are laid aside, books are closed, the anvil ceases ringing; even in the dental department there is a change, for the rubber dams are taken from the mouths of the suffering patients.

From every building there is a rush of students, and in all directions others may be seen coming from their homes.

Each class has a gathering place.

With surprising quickness they form in line, and when the president of the university and the legislators are seated on the large rostrum in University Hall, class the march is in order.

The front seats are filled, and thoroughly filled, too, before anyone is allowed to take a place in the back of the hall.

The four literary classes come first, then follow in order the three law classes, the three classes of the pharmaceutical department, the three dental classes, and finally come the four large medical classes.

And when all have entered the hall, which holds three thousand, is thoroughly packed.

Do you wonder that these legislators express themselves as being surprised at the magnitude of the university when they stand before that large body of college men?

In addition to the usual class and college yells that one frequently hears where a large body of students is assembled, this occasion affords opportunity for other shouts, whose composition is dictated by the needs of the hour.

Such a one as the following, dictated by the desire to see the new gymnasium completed:

"Vim, vim; we all want vim!

Vote for the man, that votes for the gym.!"The names of the legislators present, who are active in their endeavors to secure means for the university, are mentioned in the following way:

A strong voice calls out, "What's the matter with Donovan?"And the students, in one accord, answer:

"He's all right!""Who's all right?"calls the strong voice again, and the reply comes, "Donovan!"The strong voice then asks, "Who says so?""Everybody,"comes the response from the throats of three thousand enthusiasts.

The president, James B. Angell, always speaks first, giving a report of the work done in the university, and placing before those present, a statement of the university's needs.

There is no college in our land that in size begins to compare favorably with the University of Michigan that hasn't much more support.

President Angell is very eloquent, and so indellibly are his addresses to the legislators written in my memory, that I shall perhaps never forget them.

In his last address, speaking of the honor and fame the university had brought to the state, he said that in his visits to foreign lands, he met men everywhere who knew the word Michigan, only in connection with the university.

THE CONSISTENCIES OF MORMONISM.

Even in the land of China, it is well known.

With the fondness of a parent the president told of the important work Michigan students have done and are now doing in that country.

Michigan was the first great school to open her doors to women.

The president told of the joy and pride that filled his breast, when in this far off land of China he saw a lady graduate sitting with the royalty of that nation.

The occasion referred to, was that of the dedication of a magnificent hospital, erected through the sole influence of this lady, a graduate of the medical department.

His plea to the legislators, appeared as the plea of one in sore distress.

Would this legislature undermine the university?

Would they destroy the pride of the state?

Empasizing the broad-mindedness of our American statesmen, he pointed to the arch above him and read these words there quoted from the ordinances of 1787:

"Religion, Morality and Knowledge being Necessary to Good Government, and the Happiness of Mankind, Schools and the Means of Education shall Forever be Encouraged."He spoke of the men who, in the days of hardship and poverty had established the university with a foundation, broad and deep.

Did they intend that this university should be second to any in the land?

'These,"said the president, passionately, "were great men The president had spoken.

His eloquent plea for the university had awakened the students thoroughly.

Their blood flowed in its course with double speed.

In one mighty chorus they sang their college song, and I hear the last words ringing yet:

"Hail to the college, whose colors we wear; Hurrah for the yellow and blue;"and ere the words of the song died away, the walls resounded with this shout:

"U.

of M., hurrah, hurrah!

U.

of M., hurrah, hurrah!

Roo, rah!

Roo, rah!

Michigan, Michigan!

Rah! Rah! Rah!"While the legislators speak, not a word of praise for the university passes unapplauded.

Every legislature that has visited the university, however prejudiced its members may have been, has gone away friendly, and the greatness of the university is surely sufficient evidence that they have given if support.

Richard R. Lyman.

THE CONSISTENCIES OF MORMONISM.

.

v.

Having demonstrated the peculiar and yet unchangeable manner in which God bestows His authority to earth, and narrated the remarkable circumstances attending its restoration in this age of the world, it will next be in order for the Elder to show the nature of its functions, and the grand, eternal plan of human redemption, in the beautiful workings and operations of which this authority officiates.

If God's work is on the earth today, wherever it is found it will possess the same power as it did in the days of the Architect himself; and the whole structure will be as complete as it was then.

This is the sure test.

The believer in the Holy Word wherever he may be found, cannot reasonably believe anything else, and though he may have been deceived, and through lack of proper reflection and investigation on his own part accepted a faith that is not consistent with the eternal plan itself, yet, if he is honest in heart, when the ''straight and narrow road'is shown to him, he will be glad to walk therein.

Hence, how necessary that the Elder, who is commissioned with the authority of God, and sent out into the world, as the Apostles of old, "to preach the

THE CONSISTENCIES OF MORMONISM.

469< Gospel to every creature,"should, by aid of the Holy Ghost, present the message he bears in such a clear, concise and logical order that, supported by the "law and the testimony,"and sealed by the Holy Ghost, he may carry conviction to the hearts of hearers.

To do this successfully requires preparation, and the Elder is recreant to his trust unless he makes a devoted study of the work assigned to his charge.

A few propositions relative to the unchangeableness of God's plan will, it would seem, be sufficient to convince the honest soul.

For instance, wherever this plan, or Gospel, is found, there must be the same principles, laws, officers, or administrators and ordinances.

If before they had apostles, the true Church will again have them, the same laws and ordinances will be introduced, and the same methods for receiving members into the Kingdom.

There will also be prophets, pastors, teachers and evangelists (/ Cor.

i:

2<$).

If, before, they baptized by immersion for the remission of sins, and laid on hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, they will again do the same things.

If the gift of the Holy Ghost formerly brought things past to the remembrance of the believer, led them into all truth, and showed them things to come, it will do the same again, for it is the everlasting Gospel—the same yesterday, today and forever.

If formerly it caused men to dream dreams and to see visions, it will do the same again;

if to one was given the gift of tongues, to another the gift of healing, to another the power to work miracles, to another the gift of wisdom (Y Cor. xii: 4-10), the same will exist in these days, for the Gospel, or plan of human redemption is everlasting and unchangeable.

If it put men in possession of a knowlege of God and His purposes, and brought life and immortality to light in former days, it will do the same again.

If it dispelled the clouds ol darkness, unveiled the heavens, put men, in possession of eternity, and gave them a hope that bloomed with immortality and eternal life, it will do.

the same again.

If it caused men to know the object of their creation, their relationship, their position on.

the earth and their final destiny, then, also, will the true Gospel ol, Christ, when preached today, do the same.

But, "were we to take a view of the churches,"says P.

P.

Pratt, "from the days that inspiration ceased, until now, we should see nothing like the Kingdom which we have been viewing with such admiration and delight.

But instead, of prophets and apostles, we would see false teachers, whom men had heaped to themselves, and instead of the gifts of the Spirit, we would see the wisdom of men; and instead of the Holy Ghost, many false spirits; instead of the ordinances ol God, commandments of men;

instead of knowledge, opinions; guess work, instead of revelation;

a division, instead of union;

doubt, instead of faith;

despair, instead ol hope;

hatred, instead of charity;

a physician, instead of the laying on.

of hands for the healing of the sick;, fables instead of truth; evil for good,, good for evil;

darkness for light, light for darkness."Here, then, at a general view, wehave the test for knowing the only true plan of salvation.

And it will not take long for the searcher after truth to appreciate the truth of these comparisons, or tests, if the Elderlogical] y and forcibly presents them to his mind.

But, through the goodness of an all-wise Father, He has even vouchsafed a more substantial and safer promise than all this, and the Elder, commissioned with His authority, can guarantee it to the investigator, saying, as Jesus said:

"My doctrine is not mine, but His that sent me;

if any man will do His.

will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself.

47o IMPORTANT QUESTIONS ANSWERED.

This will appear to the searcher after truth as a very plain and reasonable proposition, and certainly a Scriptural one, and when once the Elder has paved this much of his way, he is then in a position to show to his hearers what the will of God is, solemnly asserting as Paul did, that "though we or an angel from heaven preach any other Gospel unto you, than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed."The Elder will first lay down the Gospel, or revealed will of God, as being a code of laws, embracing four primary principles, known as faith, repentance, baptism for remission of sins, and the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, that no man can enter the Kingdom of God unless he complies with them.

Our next paper will be devoted to a consideration of these principles.

James H.

Wallis.

IMPORTANT QUESTIONS ANSWERED.

To the Contributor:

"For this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep."(i.

Cot. xz: jo.) The question is asked, "does that mean physical weakness and death, or spiritual?'That it means physical weakness and sickness, and even death, seems obvious from the words employed; but it also clearly indicates a spiritual weakness and sleepiness, which runs parallel with the physical infirmities named.

Members of the Church of Christ, who are spiritually active and healthy, would never allow themselves to partake unworthily of the sacrament ot the Lord's Supper, and therefore would not become liable to the penalty of disobedience to law.

We read, i. Cor.

ii, 23-26 verses:

"For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which He was betrayed took bread;

and when He had given thanks He brake it, and said, Take, eat;

this is my body which is broken for you, this do in remembrance of me.

After the same manner also He took the cup, when He had supped, saying, This cup is the new testament in my blood this do ye, as oft as ye drink it in remembrance of me.

For as often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup ye do show the Lord's death till He come."Herein is the law of the sacrament plainly stated.

Now the Apostle continues:

"Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord.

(28) But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup.

(29) For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body."In the literal translation of the Greek New Testament, verse twenty-nine is thus rendered "For he that eats and drinks unworthily, judgment unto himself eats and drinks, not discerning the body of the Lord."I quote this because to my mind it seems to modify the language used in the authorized version, and indicates a dispensation of justice rather than of condemnation, or a milder rather than the extreme penalty implied bv the use of the stronger word "damnation."Admitting that spiritual weakness, etc., must precede the act of unworthily partaking of the sacrament, the point aimed at by the Apostle would fall flat if by the words, "for this cause many are weak and sickly,"etc., he meant only spiritual weakness, sickness or sleepiness.

Referring again to the literal translation of the Greek Testament, we find verse thirty thus rendered:

"Because

IMPORTANT QUESTIONS ANSWERED.

of this among you many are weak and infirm, and are fallen asleep many.""Weak and sickly—or infirm—and asleep,"are all words which are generally used with reference to physical conditions, and it is evident, I think, the use of them by Paul in this instance is no exception to the rule.

Why should they not apply literally to the physical life?

Is there not efficacy or power in the ordinances of the Gospel?

Will not blessing or condemnation follow obedience or disobedience to the laws ot

God?

Those who would spiritualize the word of the Lord and wrest the Scriptures to suit their carnal or human desires, will one day, in the great future, wake up to the realization that all men are and will be judged according to their works, whether they be good or evil.

In Matthew xxvii, 52, 53, it is said: "And the graves were opened and many bodies of the saints which slept arose, and came out of the graves after His resurrection, and went into the holy city and appeared unto many. "This is without doubt to be taken literally, or it is meaningless.

The same rule should be applied to 1. Cor.

xi:

30, the words used there obviously conveying the real meaning of the Apostle.

Again the question is asked as follows:

"Paul says a deacon shall be a husband of one wife.

Why do we ordain boys?"I Tim.

iii:

12, reads thus:

"Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own house well."The enquirer will probably observe that there is some difference between the words "shall be,"which he uses, and the word "let,"which is contained in the text.

I mention this in the hope that he and others will be more careful to put their questions in accordance with the text, and the facts referred to.

If then it is not absolutely commanded that a deacon "shall be the husband of one wife,"but that he might or might not be, even though it would be better under some circumstances that he should be, the question assumes a more simple form.

The fact is that both Bishops and Deacons, as well as all other officers in the Church, would be much better fitted for their offices if all of them possessed the noble qualifications laid down by the

Apostle Paul, for Bishops and Deacons.

But unfortunately they do not always possess, by a great deal, all of them.

And therefore young and inexperienced men, and even "boys"are sometimes called to these positions, that they might be taught, educated and prepared for the responsible duties involved.

In the Apostle Paul's day, the condition of the Church at Ephesus, where Timothy then presided, may have been such as to require a man of experience and wisdom to fill the office of a Deacon.

If so, the Apostle did well in admonishing Timothy to choose such men for the office.

He certainly held the authority, with his associates, to so direct, if conditions required.

Those who hold the kevs of the Priesthood now also have the right to direct as Paul did, or to make any changes from the counsel he gave, which in their judgment might be necessary or proper.

But there is an interesting feature of these scriptures which I desire to mention.

In the literal translation of the Testament, I Tim., iii:

i, the words "office of a Bishop"in the orthodox version, are rendered, "overseership"in the Greek, and the word "Bishop,"second verse, "Overseer."And in the twelfth verse, the word Deacon is rendered, "those who serve,"and in the thirteenth verse, "For they that have used the office of Deacon well,"etc., are rendered, "For those well having served a degree for themselves good acquire, 'etc.

So that the duties assigned by Paul to the "overseers"in the Church at Ephesus, have by modern

THE LORD UPHOLDS THE EAINTING SOUL.

translators been assigned to "Bishops,"and the duties and positions of those who "served"in Paul's day have been applied to the office of the Deacon in more modern times.

That the duties to be performed by "those who served"—Deacons at Ephesus, were of a character that men of experience and mature judgment were required to perform them, is evident from the strictness with which Paul enjoined it upon Timothy to select such men.

It is in our day very necessary at times to select wise, judicious, experienced and sober men to fill the office of Deacon in the Church, but it is not always necessary to do so;

and, therefore, young men and even boys of tender years may be and often are chosen, ordained and set apart as Deacons, to act with and under the guidance of men of riper years and experience, thereby to fit them for the practical duties of the office.

Joseph F. Smith.

If there is one thing more than another that a great many persons seem really to enjoy, it is minding other people's business and attempting to manage their affairs for them and, take it all in all, there is no occupation that can be followed that pays less interest on the investment.

Nobody ever yet got rich over minding other people's business, but a great many have attained wealth and honors by looking after their own, to the neglect of all other occupations.

Happiness may come through a variety of channels.

In the long course of man's life it is necessary to find more than one spring from which the crystal stream of pleasure may flow.

From physical nature may be derived a pleasure as intense and in its place as beneficent as any other.

Most of us have troubles to contend with, but, if rightly regulated, our lives should be sweetened by a preponderance of pleasure.

Health of body and cultured mind, with perfect liberty, should make all men happy.

Look upon the bright side of your condition; then your discontents will disperse.

Pore not upon your losses, but recount your mercies.

THE LORD UPHOLDS THE FAINTING SOUL.

The Lord upholds the fainting soul,

He answers those who call;

The tender mercies of His care

Are over one and all.

He chastens with His loving hand

To strengthen in the right, But in our struggle with the load,

He makes the burden light.

He leads us from the evil path

That charms the stubborn will,

And by the whispers of His voice

Remains our guardian still.

Then praise His high and holy name

In every land and tongue, And join with me to sing His love

While yet your years are young.'

Edivard H. Anderson.

December 7th, 1891.

A CHILD OF THE PEOPLE.

My father kept a quiet inn, chiefly for farmers and country traders, in that day, so long ago, when I first saw the little French lass, Amelie d'Astigneau.

You never knew that was the true name of your father's grandmother, she that was known as

Dame Emily Withwell? Well, 'tis an odd story.

A few guests came to us sometimes from the ships which anchored in Boston harbor.

One morning it was about the autumn of 1774, I think—father came hurriedly into the room where I was at work with mother.

We were making pillows for the inn, I remember, and mother, who had sprained her ankle, was resting the bandaged loot on a cushioned cricket as she sewed.

"Nancy,"said father to me, "we have two guests from the ship 'Carlot,'just in port.

They are French, I think, though the man speaks English.

There is a child with him a child of quality, I judge.

I have given them the best oak chamber.

Go you and attend the child.

Your mother cannot walk, and I care not to trust to a maid."I went straight away without any concern, for it was often my place to welcome guests whom lather wished to treat with special courtesy.

I was a well-grown lass at that time, eighteen or nineteen, perhaps, healthy and rosy-cheeked, and folks said not ill to look upon;

but let that pass.

When I knocked and entered the oak room, I saw standing by the window agrave-looking, middle-aged man and a little girl of six or seven years.

The man's rank could hardly be guessed from his dress, which was of fine quality, but plain;

and although he was of good address, he carried himself not with the air of a lord.

The little girl, however, wore clothing of costly material and finest make, though now somewhat soiled and frayed by wear on shioboard.

8 5 She was a pretty little creature, with brown eyes and a cloud ol soft, golden hair.

As I entered she made some remark to the man, speaking in French.

"Speak in English, please, mademoiselle,"he replied.

"Mademoiselle must try and remember.

She can pronounce English very well if she will think carefully; and it is the English she must speak in this country.

''Yes, Monsieur Francois, replied the child meekly.

There was a wistful, enquiring look on her pretty, childish face.

My heart warmed to her from that first sight.

Then the man came forward and looked at me searchingly.

"You came to attend the child?"he asked, speaking as one not quite accustomed to the English tongue.

"But you are not one of the maids?""I am the landlord's daughter,"I replied.

"My father did not wish to trust to a maid.""You are kind,"he said courteously.

"What I wish is that the child have especial attention while we remain here.

I would say that there will be ample pa3'inent made for the service.""I will see to it, sir,"I made answer.

"A breakfast and bath and a bed for the little lady—that is required first, I suppose?""Precisely,"he replied, "and I would gladly engage you to attend to her wardrobe.

She has few clothes here, you will see,"pointing to a small traveling case.

"Can you purchase and have made a new supply within the week?"I looked closely at the texture and quality of the child's frock.

I doubted if such clothing could be found in Boston, and I told him so.

"But that is not what I wish!"he exclaimed.

"Quite the contrary.

It is but a supply of the plainest clothing—comfortable and neat, but common;

such as is worn by the children of the people—the peasants

A CHILD OF THE PEOPLE.

—I mean the farming people, that is what I desire."I am sure there was surprise in my face.

"Especially,"he continued, "I wish her present clothing to be carefully repaired and packed with the new.

Nothing must be destroyed or thrown away."Somehow the kind look which he bent upon the child, whose tiny hand he was holding as he talked, reassured me, and I answered it should be as he wished.

So I took the little maid away to my own room.

She was tired and worn, and needed sleep, as 1 could see.

She ate eagerly the sweet milk and bread and roasted apple which I brought.

Then I removed her dainty clothes, admiring much the fine lace upon them, and gave her a warm bath before I wrapped her in a little night-robe.

When I combed out the masses, of golden hair I found them much tangled.

"I think, missy, you have not had your hair dressed much on shipboard,"

I said.

"No, mees,"she replied in her odd, broken speech.

"Monsieur Francois—he try, but he know not how.

I haf no maid there—on ship.""Monsieur Francois,"I said.

"He is not your father then?""Oh no, no!"she cried.

"I haf now no papa.

But Monsieur Francois,"she added, "he was good.

I am much fond of monsieur."When she was sound asleep in my bed, I hurried to my mother's room and told her about our singular guests.

She warned me against too great curiosity.

"Doubtless he is the child's guardian,"she said.

"Do not concern yourself too greatly, Nancy, about strangers who come and go.

It is not for us to pry into the affairs of our guests."Well, to make the story short, they remained with us for a week, and a fine time I had buying and making the simple clothes which the little maid was henceforth to wear.

Ample money monsieur handed me for the purchases, but again he urged that everything must be simple and plain.

So it was in a plain gingham frock that at last Mademoiselle Amelie went away, and her golden hair was tucked smoothly back under a little close bonnet, while her finer clothes were packed away, for what future purpose I could not guess.

Before their departure monsieur said to me:

"You have been most kind to mademoiselle.

Have you always lived in the town?

Or do you know many good people among those on farms?'Then I told him I was country bred, and had lived among the farming people until my father had taken this inn, three years before.

"Then perhaps you know some good woman, kind of heart and gentle of speech, with whom

I can place mademoiselle for a time.

There will be money enough provided,"he hurriedly went on, "but I must find a home lor her without delay."

At once I thought of Cousin Prue Withwell, the sweetest and kindest of women, living on a farm at our old home in Pax'ton.

Prue had only a step-son, a lad of thirteen, on whom to bestow her motherly care, and still mourned with bitter grief for her two daughters, dead in their infancy.

Her bereaved heart might open to this little orphaned girl.

So I gave Monsieur Francois Cousin Prue's address.

The little girl clung to me at parting, and my own eyes were full of tears as I saw her go.

She waved her little hand as the coach passed out of sight.

It was near fourteen years before I saw her again.

It was in the autumn, as I said, when she left us, and 'twas after snow fell that I heard at last from Prue Withwell.

Letter writing was rarer then, and cost more thought and effort than in these slighting times.

A CHILD OL THE PEOPLE.

Cousin Prue wrote me that they she and her husband—had adopted the little French girl who had stopped at our inn, and that she was called Emily Withwell.

"Yet I cannot strictly say it is adoption,"she.

wrote, "since her guardian made condition that she should be bound to us by the form of indenture to service.

'She must be bound as a servant,'quoth he.

'To your kind heart I trust that she will be treated as a daughter.

''To this we were fain to consent, for we had taken a liking for the child—a timid and gentle little maid, with some look in her eyes like my own Ruth.

He left a sum of money for her keeping, but 'twill be put aside for her benefit."Then the letter went on to say that the child had drooped at first, but was happier now; that she was learning fast the household ways and improving in English speech;

also that Philip—Prue's stepson—had taken kindly to her, and drew her on his sled daily to and from the village schoolhouse.

Already I could see the child had brought fresh interest into Prue's life.

Well, for a long time after that I heard but rarely from Prue Withwell.

Those were stormy times that soon fell upon our colony.

You know the story of those Revolutionary days.

I was married then, and husband and father both joined the Continental army.

Later Prue's stepson, Philip, was a soldier, too, though at the time of enlisting he was barely seventeen.

Those dark days passed by at last, and the soldiers came home.

We were sore impoverished by war, but in time things brightened.

Husband and I managed a market farm outside of Boston, which prospered fairly, and at last came a time when I could pay a visit, now deferred through many a year, to Cousin Prue.

I was almost a middle-aged woman then, and with worry and work and care must have changed greatly from the rosy lass Emily had seen at my father's inn;

yet the dear child remembered my face the 'moment I stepped from the stage and set foot, upon the garden walk.

I am an old, old woman now, and

Emily Withwell has been dead for many a year.

'Twas over fifty years ago, but never shall I forget the face that greeted me with a bright smile of welcome in the old garden.

I think I would have known her, too, wherever we had met, by her eyes and the fair wealth of her golden hair.

It was soft and fine and thick and shining, waving back in ripples, from her forehead—such hair as I had seen on no woman's head before, nor ever since except on Emily

Withwell's daughters and grandchildren.

Your hair is somewhat like it, child, though scarce ps fine and pretty.

'Tis an inheritance to the women of your family from your French great-grandmother—she that was once Amelie d'Astigneau.

For the rest, she had a clear, pale complexion, to which the color rarely rose.

She was slender and so graceful 'twas a pleasure to watch when she moved or walked.

'Twas plain to see how Prue, now widowed, loved and leaned upon the lass.

It was Emily who planned and guided smoothly all the indoor affairs of the household, though it was certain Prue had never put rough work upon the girl.

Her hands were near as soft and white as yours.

Well, but I must hasten on to the scene toward which all this is leading.

I had been at Cousin Prue's a week, perhaps, and it was a melow summer afternoon, I remember.

The sun was warm on the garden beds, and the smell of thyme and sweet lavender came in through the open window of the fore-room, where we three were sitting, Prue and I'with our knitting work, and Emily plying the little flax-wheel.

Then the gate unlatched, and

A CHILD OF THE PEOPLE.

looking out I saw Monsieur Francois coming up the walk.

Prue saw him, too, and her lips paled when she recognized his face.

He came straight in, and bowinglow to us, passed on quick to the place where Emily was sitting, and rapidly addressed her in French.

The flax-thread dropped from her hand, and a look of bewilderment flashed into her eyes.

"Pardon me, but I will explain,"said monsieur; and then he told us a strange story.

I will put it briefly in plain words:

The family to which Emily belonged was an old and wealthy one in France.

Her father had been a man of quiet habit and frail health, while his younger brother was a gay cavalier, a favorite at the lawless and dissolute French court.

Monsieur Francois had been—I hardly know how to call it—partly an upper secretary, partly a trusted confidant of Emily's father, who had shown the man of lower rank more kindness and confidence than was common, and so had won his fullest loyalty.

The younger brother was haughty, selfish and cruel to inferiors, after the manner of most French nobles of that time, and wholly unprincipled, as you will see.

Waste and extravagance were the law of the circle in which he moved, and his income, though it was large, was never great enough for his wants.

Then the elder brother was suddenly smitten with deadly illness.

He died, with no time to arrange his affairs, and with only a pitiful, halfuttered appeal to Monsieur Francois to protect his motherless child, the little Amelie.

Now to understand the strange part which Monsieur Francois played, you must remember the unchecked power of the French nobility before the Revolution shattered their cruel reign.

There were dungeons where they could easily commit troublesome or offending persons, and none would ever know their fate.

Trembling for the future of the little Amelie, now the sole barrier between D'Astigneau and his brother's fortune, Monsieur Francois'only course was to pretend submission to the man he feared, and by secret means try to thwart his evil plans.

So well he pretended that before many months D'Astigneau had proposed the carrying out of a scoundrelly plot.

From his good address and knowledge of languages Francois seemed the man for the purpose, and D'Astigneau fully believed him a willing tool.

Bad as he was, D'Astigneau shrank from outright murder, but he did not scruple to plan for the child a fate which to a proud French aristocrat must have seemed worse than death.

He had quietly gained control ot the child, as the guardian of her estate.

Now he planned to ship her to some foreign colony to be bound to menial service among the peasantry.

Thus she would grow up so poor, so ignorant, and so helpless that no chance could arise for her to return and claim her rights.

To all appearance Francois fully carried out the wicked scheme.

Yet all the while he planned to place the child in some kind family of gentle breeding, with sufficient money for her nurture till a time when he could safely bring her back to France.

To this end he had told us her rightful name, and left the way clear to prove her identity.

When he saw Prue's motherly face, and watched the tenderness with which she received the child, he felt sure she was in safe hands.

The servant's indentures were necessary that he might take back proof to D'Astigneau that the child had really been placed at menial service.

New England farmer or French peasant was much the same thing in the mind of the French noble.

For fourteen years Monsieur Francois had patiently bided his time.

D'Astigneau had remained in royal favor, too great a favorite of fortune

A CHILD OL THE PEOPLE.

for attack.

But at last a courtier's blunder had placed him in the shade of royal displeasure, and fickle fortune turned her face away.

Now, Monsieur Francois eagerly explained, was the hour to move.

There were a few friends of the elder

D'Astigneau still at court, who could be trusted to espouse the cause of his daughter.

By the next ship they might sail for France, and begin the contest for Amelie's rights.

This was the strange story to which we listened in Prue Withwell's farmhouse parlor, with the scent of the thyme and lavender blowing in at the open door.

The girl had drawn near her adopted mother while Monsieur Francois was speaking.

Prue's pale cheeks had grown paler, and the tears were stealing down her patient face at thought ot parting from the child whom she had loved as her own.

But Emily softly took her fostermother's toilworn hand and caressed it, while her beautiful eyes looked across the garden over the sunny farm which had been so peaceful as a home.

Perhaps some memories of a grand castle, of noble parks, of silken robes and jewels, and waiting servants crossed her mind, with a shadow of regret;

but, if so, none ever knew.

Soon she turned to Monsieur Francois with bright, resolute eyes.

"I thank you, monsieur,"she said, ''for all your faithful goodness.

Few men would have been so loyal.

But, monsieur, I cannot go.

My mother,"and she lifted Prue's hand tenderly to her cheek, "my dear mother, she cared for me when I was a forlorn little child.

I can never leave her.""But your mother can go with you,"began monsieur.

A faint blush crept ever Emily's cheek, and following her glance I saw Philip With well, now a straight, soldierly man of twenty-seven years, crossing the lawn.

"No,"said Emily, "I remember well, monsieur, you said once that I must be a child of the people.

This is what I am now, and shall always be—a child of the people!"In vain monsieur argued and pleaded.

She stood firm.

He went back to his inn at last, confident that in time she would yield.

Perhaps he would have despaired had he known that she was even then making her wedding dress, and that the day was set for her marriage to Philip Withwell.

But before that day came, strange and terrible news had been brought across the sea.

The storm of fury, gathering through years of wrong and oppression, had burst on France.

Monsieur, it proved, had sailed for America just in time to escape the dreadful reign of terror.

Through that terrible season of retribution, titles and wealth were but marks for public fury.

The castle of D'Astigneau was torn down, its wealth scattered to the mob, and the last D'Astigneau to bear that old name died like many another, noble and peasant, by the stroke of the guillotine.

This was the story that cousin Nancy Danvers, then more than eighty years old, told to her cousin's great-grandchild, many a rear ago—the true story of the little French maid, who, born to wealth and title, held love and gratitude greater than all else, and chose of her own free will to be known as a child of the people.

Fanny M. Johnson.

The man who has contentment has something that will do a great deal more for him than money.

It is not every man who can be a great saint or a mighty preacher, but every man can be faithful in his work.

A kind heart is a better vindication of one's belief than any argument.

Deeds go further than words in justifying one's creed.

MY FIRST MISSION.

IV.

Friday, September 6th, 1861, Elders Fotheringham, Zyderland, Dixon and Talbot sailed today for the Cape of Good Hope, in the finest of spirits.

The five weeks Brother Fotheringham and

I were together, were spent in very diligent labor for the salvation of souls.

These labors produced good fruit.

I here insert another of father's choice letters:

"Copenhagen, Denmark, "September 4th, 1861.

(i Afy Dear Marion:

"You kind favor of August 29th, I found awaiting me on my arrival this morning, having just returned from Aalborg.

My health is good as usual.

Elder Jesse N.

Smith came with us.

I gave him the enclosed as per address.

He and Brothers Van Cott and Rich are in good health.

"I am gratified to hear of your determination and feelings of devotion to the work of the ministry, and your better qualification of yourself for its efficient accomplishment.

"Your success in this so desirable an attainment, will be determined by the amount of patient perseverance you can at all times bring to your aid to prevent a feeling of discouragement from arising within you, as though the treasures of knowledge were hard to gain.

Remember that the enriching of the soul with knowledge that gives power, is the labor of our lives, in this time, and all the vast future.

We should not feel that we are hurried, only to be industrious in our labors, ever making it our maxim from which we will never depart, to do what we do well, and what we are not able to do in this manner, let it constitute the lesson of our study until we comprehend it in all its parts, principles and bearings.

Then our knowledge thus gained will ever remain with us a lasting source of wealth.

"My son, I feel that the present is a most important time of life with you, so far as the formation of character is concerned.

I hope you will realize that the hasty development of nature's gifts, in a blaze of brilliancy (in those who may be favored to possess them), is seldom followed by happy consequences.

Would you crave to enjoy an imperishable and ever brightening character, seek to have its brilliancy consist of the steady, constant light of ever-increasing wisdom, and that knowledge which is eternal life.

When this steady, constant light, sheds its kindly rays along the path of the son returning to the home and heritage of his Father in Heaven, his path is ever light.

Clouds of despondency never intervene, to dim or obstruct its light.

Such is the way of the just who seek for knowledge, that they may be ministers of good to mankind.

"I wish you, my son, to adopt in the beginning of your public labors, this very useful and valuable conclusion, that any labor you may bestow, that will strengthen any habit in you to do aught that is good, is never lost.

Habits, like trees, grow and live to bear their legitimate fruit.

Not for a brief season, but for the great future of our being.

"I take pleasure in making these suggestions to you.

The light of experience has revealed them to me, and enables me in a limited degree, to appreciate their value.

I indulge the hope that my wishes, expressed in this way, may continue to meet a warm and hearty response on your part.

I shall continue to place them before your mind from time to time, as guides, to direct you in your efforts and. labors for self-improvement, for the better accomplishment of the great mission of human existence, your own and the world's redemption.

"I received a letter from Isaiah M.

Coombs, of July 10th, from Payson,

MY FIRST MISSION.

full of good news.

I am glad to hear our friend Groves and his fellows are going to join their fortunes with ours.

God bless them.

"With kindest regards, in which the brethren join me, I subscribe myself, "Your father, affectionately.

"Amasa M. Lyman."September nth, 1861, I received the following letter from a lady:

"London, Sept.

9, 1861.

"Sir: Having proved Mormonism to be the restoration of the Gospel I have determined to embrace it;

previous to which there is one question I feel very curious about and should like an answer, although it is not absolutely necessary to know.

"Do the Mormons gather to Ephraim, that portion of the Holy Land eight miles north of Jerusalem?

The Bible seems to me to imply that is where the gathering ought to be;

but I have heard that'the Mormons are gathering in America.

"In soliciting a reply I must apologize for taking the liberty of addressing a stranger.

"Believe me to remain, yours respectfully.

Kate E.

S. Harrold."I answered her at once as follows:

"London, Sept. n, 1861.

"Miss:

Your missive of the 9th inst.

is before me.

In answer to your question I will say that those who will gather at Jerusalem are the Jews.

They will rebuild their city and watch for the coming of their King, little thinking it is He whom their fathers crucified.

It will be different with Ephraim and the children of Israel, his companions.

• "They are gathering from among all nations to the land of Zion, (America), according to the commandment of the Lord, through the

Prophet Joseph Smith.

They will be looking lor Christ, knowing He was crucified on Mount Calvary.

You may see by the 37th chapter of

Ezekiel that these two are to become 'one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel, and one King shall be King to them all.'They are two nations now and will so remain until our Savior is revealed.

"Ever feeling a deep interest in the welfare of all God's children, believe me to remain "Respectfully yours, "Francis M. Lyman.'"Thursday, November 28th, 1861, in company with father, John Brown and William C.

Staines I attended divine service at noon in the Cross Street chapel near Florence Street.

We listened to the Rev.

C.

H.

Spurgeon for about two hours.

He began by reading the 51st Psalm, commenting on each verse and then taking the 13th verse for his text.

As a whole his sermon was insipid and void of every power of attraction.

I had heard him speak so much better.

With the addition of Brother Edward Grove, the tailor, to our party at o'clock p.

m., of same day, we attended divine service in St.

James Hall, Regent Street, by Rev.

John Hyde, of Derby, who was once an Elder among the Saints.

He discoursed upon the spiritual sense of the word of God, the Bible.

And after all of his using some of the miracles, such as crossing the Red Sea by the children of Israel, as though they were realities, he would then, to answer his purpose in another direction, declare them to be allegorical.

He said if one could grasp the spiritual sense of the Bible they would need nothing more—all is to be found in the Bible.

His manner and eloquence were superior to those of Mr. Spurgeon.

On the eleventh of December, 1 86 1, at the close of a very interesting,

Wednesday evening meeting, Robert Saint, a Latter-day Saint, who had long been on the background in his faith, asked me to go with him to his home, quite a dis-

MY FIRST Af/SS/OA.

tance into the city, from the Whitechapel meeting house to administer to his little boy,.who was at death's door with the flux.

Three physicians had given him up to die; his case was to them hopeless.

All the distance I walked with him was depriving me of my sleep, it beingafter ten o'clock p.

m., and I felt like asking some of the brethren who lived in that direction to yo in my stead.

The Spirit of the Lord, however, told me to go, and I forgot I was tired, and went cheerfully.

We bought oil on the way.

The child was all but dead.

Only the skeleton remained, covered with tender skin.

I blessed the oil.

I prayed, anointed the child with oil, and laid my hands upon him, blessed him with life and health in the name of Jesus Christ.

From that moment he was healed.

In 1875, I visited London again, fourteen years later, and I again hunted up the Saint family, and reminded them of the miracle wrought in rescuing their boy from death.

They pointed out to me the then seventeen-year-old young man.

They seemed callous and indifferent to the Gospel, but rich in the perishable wealth.

On the last day of 1861, the Elders in the ministry on the British Isles, gathered in Birmingham, and a six days'conference was held, which opened at ten a.

m., Wednesday, January rst, 1862, in the Farm Street chapel.

Ample reports were received from every field, and testimonies borne by everyone.

The presidents of the mission, the three Apostles, gave to us, without stint, the counsel ol the Lord in regard to our labors and what was required of us.

Taught how to be acceptable and successful missionaries.

It was a pentecostal feast indeed.

Two meetings were held each day of three hours each, and yet there was no sense of weariness manifested by any.

The Holy Ghost lighted up the countenances of those who stood up and taught us so elaborately.

Our souls were enlarged and our testimonies intensified and strengthened.

It was one of the most remarkable gatherings of the Priesthood it has been my lot to participate in.

There were in attendance three Apostles, one president of the

French mission, three presidents of the British mission, two presidents of the Irish mission, twelve district presidents, thirty-three presidents of conferences and twenty-two traveling Elders.

Total, seventy-six.

Early in January, 1862, I received an appointment to preside over the Essex conference.

When I started for my field of labor in Essex, I found it like leaving home and family.

The Saints in London had been so considerate and kind to me for eighteen months that they seemed as near to me as my own kindred.

I would gladly mention the names of those who so generously lodged, fed and clothed me, as the Horspools, Pearces, Bowbears, Coles, Harrisons, Fames, Morrells, Andrews, and hundreds too numerous to mention in this article.

Their names all appear in my journal, and remind me of their goodness;

and my heart swells with a ''God bless them, one and all."There were other Elders associated with us in that conference: John Lindsay, J as.

Chalmers, Reuben A.

McBride, Thomas O.

King and others.

I have always cherished the kindliest feelings for them all.

My appointment to Essex was dated January 1st, 1862.

On the fifteenth of January, President John Brown started with me from London and introduced me to my new field of labor.

It was but a brief ride to Watford.

The change from a world of bricks and mortar, stone pavements, smoke, fog and noisy hawkers, to the green fields, forests, streams, lakes, sunshine, and birds of every variety whistling and singing on every bush, was very refreshing.

Father G. A. Smith and fam-

MY FIRST MISSION.

ily, at the silk mills, gave us a genuine, big-hearted welcome.

At Watford I made the acquaintance of blind Joseph, who has ever been a faithful Saint.

The way from Watford to the silk mills was a very difficult one to find in the darkness.

We were very pleased to have blind Joseph to guide us over that road in the darkness, after our evening meetings.

He could pick it out in the night as certainly as we could in the daylight.

He was jovial, and at his expense we had much amusement.

He knew the hand-shake, voice, footstep, and features of all his friends.

He would pass his band over a person's face and recognize him at once.

The least movement attracted his attention.

It would confuse him if all around him was breathlessly still.

On meeting me, his salutation was, "I am pleased to see you, Brother Lyman."On January 27th, 1862, Elder John Berrett and I walked from Grays to Romford, thirteen miles.

Held meeting in the evening with fourteen souls present.

After I talked an hour upon the first principles of the Gospel two women asked to be baptized, a Mrs. Southgate and

Mrs.

Harriet Gull.

We sought deep water and Elder Berrett baptized and I confirmed them. John Gull, the husband of Harriet, was bitterly opposed to the Gospel, as was his youngest brother, George.

Our appearance and preaching there and baptizing stirred them up to anger, and we were in danger of some disturbance.

After the ordinances were performed I spent half an hour in giving suitable instructions to the new members as to how they should order their lives.

I instructed Sister Gull never to give up trying to win her husband to love and embrace the

Gospel, and never to allow a feeling in her heart that would prompt her to forsake or neglect him, and that she should not labor in vain.

Alfred Gull, another of the brothers, was inclined to believe and be friendlyInside of three weeks from that day

Alfred Gull led the way into the waters of baptism.

His brother John could resist the truth no longer, though he never acknowledged it till he saw his brother baptized, when he asked for the same ordinance, and was in turn followed by the youngest brother, George, through the watery grave to newness of life.

Before this day the Gospel seemed to have planted discord in the family, but after all had embraced it and received the Holy Ghost they ever after styled themselves the happy family, which they truly were.

On the 6th of March I received a letter and Deseret News from father.

The News gave an account of the death of Lot Huntington, Moroni Clawson and John P. Smith.

When I read the said news I could not refrain from quoting: "The way of the transgressor is hard.

The following is father's letter:

"Liverpool, March 5, 1862.

liMy dear Marion:

"Your favor of the 3rd inst. came to hand yesterday.

It gave me much pleasure.

I hope that the spirit it breathes may ever continue with you to strengthen you for endurance in the great struggle for the right.

For its legitimate rule in the affections and over the actions of men.

In the great conflict, my sonbe ever hopeful, for the victory is sure to the faithful who endure in faultless integrity, while the Kingdom of God rises to power and greatness.

"The reflection that we are connected with a work so glorious and great, embracing the salvation of man, and his exaltation to the glory for which he is constitutionally prepared by the gifts of God, should be with us a consideration to save us from all vanity and empty pride, and awaken lofty aspirations in the soul, and desires that are pure and holy, ever increasing our love for the truth, and thereby making our condition continually better and better

4«2 IRISH HULLS.

as we gain experience and knowledge, which renders us better able to contend against the powers that oppose the truth and its progress in the earth.

There is a bliss in life when it is sweetened with the feeling that we are in truth related to all that is noble and good;

and when friendship's holy fire sheds its hallowed warmth in the soul, being continually fed by the living, undying conviction that we are the friends and benefactors of humanity on the broad and free principles of that universal Gospel which is 'the power of God unto salvation.'"I hope you will ever study to cultivate a freedom of thought that will give to the mind free and full scope to its powers.

In pursuing this course the soul will find that freedom for which it is constituted, and without which the attainment of the objects of human existence are impossible, while the soul remains in a condition of ignorance and darkness.

Then persevere in your well formed and good resolutions of undivided devotion to the cause of truth and God, never wearying in doing good, knowing the reward is sure to the faithful.

"I have received no late news from home.

I will send you today a copy of the News, which will show you how things are moving in Utah, and.how hard is the fate of the transgressor.

"I expect to start for Scotland tomorrow at i o'clock by steamer, in company with Brother Sloan.

I will spend three Sabbaths in that country.

Then I go to London, where I hope to meet you.

"With kind regards, in which all here join, I subscribe myself "Your father affectionately.

''Amasa M. Lyman.

Ftancis M. Lyman.

IRISH BULLS.

Following is a copy of a letter written by the celebrated Irish patriot, Sir Royle Roach, during the Irish Rebellion:

"'Dear Sir:

"Having a little peace and quiet, I sit down to inform you of the bustle and confusion we are in from the bloodthirsty rebels, most of whom are now killed and dispersed.

"We are in a pretty mess.

I get nothing to eat, and no wine to drink except whisky.

When we sit down to dinner, we are obliged to keep both hands armed.

While I write this letter, I have my sword in one hand and my pistol in the other.

"Perhaps the murderous rebels will break in upon us, cut us into mince-meat, and throw our bleeding heads on the table to stare us in the face.

I concluded from the beginning that this would be the end, and

I am right, for it is not half over yet.

At present there are such goings on that everything is at a standstill.

"I should have answered your letter a fortnight ago, but I only received it this morning.

Indeed, hardly a mail arrives safe without being robbed.

No longer ago than yesterday the mail coach from Dublin was robbed near this town.

The bag had very judiciously been left behind, for fear of accident; and, by great good luck, there was nobody in the coach but two outside passengers who had nothing for the thieves to take.

"Last Thursday the alarm was given that a gang of robbers, in full retreat, were advancing under the French standard;

but they had no colors, nor drums except bagpipes.

Immediately every man in the place, including women and children, ran out to meet them.

We soon found our forces too few, and we were far too near to think of retreating.

Death was in every place, and to it we went.

By the time half of our party were killed, we began to be alive.

Fortunately, the robbers had no guns, except pistols, cutlasses and pikes, and we had plenty of muskets and ammunition; so we put them all

"REPENTANCE OF ALMA.

to the sword.

Not a soul of them escaped, except a few of them that were drowned in the bog.

In fact, in a short time nothing was heard but silence.

Their uniforms were all different, but chiefly green.

After the action was over, we went to rummage their camp, but all we found was a few pikes without heads, a lot of empty bottles filled with water and a bundle of blank French commissions filled up with Irish names.

The troops are now stationed round our neighborhood.

''If you don't receive this, of course it must have miscarried, and in that case, I beg you to write and let me know."'REPENTANCE OF ALMA.""O Father cleanse my soul from sin,"

Repentant Alma prayed, And called upon the allwise God

Whom he had disobeyed.

Ah, then his soul was harrowed up

With pains of bitter death As he remembered all his sins,

His recklessness of faith.

"O would that I might be consumed,"

His tones were of despair.

"O would that I might cease to live,"The burden of his prayer.

"I fear to come before the throne

To give account to God Of all my many sins and crimes

The path which I have trod.

"Oh God,"he prayed, "annihilate

Me, bodv, mind and soul, E'en that I may avert the floods "Of fear that o'er me roll."And thus he prayed for three long days

Which unto him did seem More terrible than all the fear

Full horrors of a dream.

With conscience racked in torture's pangs

For terrible misdeeds With the remembrance of his crimes

His heart within him bleeds.

He then remembers having heard

Of Jesus Christ the Son, Who was to come into the world

Our sins for us atone.

And thus he prayed, "O Jesus, thou

Son of the living God Have mercy on my wretched soul;

'Tis Thee I seek, O Lord;

For by the everlasting chains Of death my soul is bound, Alone in Thee, I fully know, Is mercy to be found."Now ceased the gall of bitterness,

No more the racking pains, And by the power of Jesus Christ

Was broke those fearful chains.

When thus he prayed, the memory of

His past sins all was gone.

While O what joy and marvelous light

Around his being shone.

"O then,"said he, "I saw our God

Sitting upon His throne, Surrounded with His angels fair,

Far brighter than the sun.

And O my soul, from this world free,

Was longing to be there, The heavenly bliss of that great throng

My spirit longed to share."And from that hour he turned from sin

And strove to serve the Lord, By precept and example, too, He taught God's holy word.

He labored to bring souls to Christ,

To teach salvation's plan;

He spared no pains, but faithful worked,

To save his fellowman.

And as a band they went about,

He with his comrades true, And taught mankind the way to Heaven,

The Gospel good and true.

And thus repentance wrought its work

Among those lost in sin, And brought them back into the fold

Their life work to begin.

O let it be a lesson, then, To those who wander far, Amid the darkness of this world

From faith's bright guiding star,

O, pray to God as Alma did, Before it be too late, Or surely you'll be wanting found

And meet a dreadful fate.

Repent, repent and unto God Confess and be forgiven, That the sweet leaven of His truth

Can lead you back to Heaven.

Annie G. Lauritzen.

MY WOOLLY CONFEDERATE.

Sheep-herding is probably the most monotonous vocation in the whole range of western industrial life, and to anyone acquainted with its lack of demand upon the mental faculties, and the absolute solitude in which it is generally pursued, the fact that it furnishes an abnormally large quota to the insane asylums of the various sections where the wool industry thrives, is small matter of wonder.

Early in life, "circumstances over which I had no control,"as the cheap novelists put it, compelled me to become a sheepherder on the arid plains of Utah;

and the desire and determination eventually to control those same circumstances, made me a guardian of the woolly idiots for several years.

I did not find the life to be oppressively monotonous, perhaps because of a course of self-instruction which I assiduously followed during the many months spent in the solitudes to which my duty led me.

I can well imagine, however, how blank the life must be to one who has neither the desire nor the ability to call up the ever responsive forces of an active imagination, and who cannot people the wilds about him with friends of his own creation.

By dint of much studying of textbooks, and the stimulating mortification attending many grievous mistakes, I became quite a respectable amateur botanist, geologist and ornithologist.

An order to escort my charges to new pastures was always welcome, since it also meant for me a new field for pastime and investigation.

But fate did not intend that I should remain a sheepherder.

In the fourth year of my apprenticeship the bookkeeper at the headquarters ranch was discharged, and I had the good fortune to be installed in his stead.

Fearing that the change would abruptly terminate my opportunities for study, I was not certain at first that it was entirely to my liking;

but when I found that I had ample leisure—that the salary was almost double that of a herder—and that I became ex officio foreman whenever that functionary chanced to be absent,

I soon became reconciled to the new order of things.

During my last year with the herd,

I had undertaken an experiment to test a sheep's capacity to receive instruction—though I was handicapped in the attempt by an abiding faith in the congenital idiocy of anything which expressed its sentiments in a bleat.

My subject was a young ram, whom I dubbed "Billy,"and my first efforts were expended in an endeavor to make him come to me when I called him by name.

He did his best to maintain the proverbial stupidity of his species, and I more than once almost despaired at the very outset.

To enumerale my methods of instruction in detail, would prolong this story beyond the limits of a short article, and perhaps try the reader's staying powers also.

Suffice it to say that by an unlimited expenditure of patience, and many judicious donations of salt and cornmeal,

I finally succeeded in training him up to a point where he would step out of the herd at my call, make a bobbing motion with his head which was supposed to be a courteous bow, and, at a given signal, rear up on his hind legs and take off my hat.

My first care after being installed as bookkeeper, was to extend the patronage ol my improved position to Billy.

The herd was but a short distance from the ranch and the foreman was easily persuaded into giving me permission to transfer my pet to the hay corral, where we could enjoy each other's society at whatever odd moments I had to spare for him.

After he became accustomed to his new surroundings, he was

MY WOOLLY CONFEDERATE

given the freedom of the ranch, which concession he immediately improved by taking up his quarters in the little office where I kept the books.

I let him stay, though his society was not always agreeable especially after he developed a very ungentlemanly habit of butting anyone who chanced to touch him with their feet when he took his daily siesta in the doorway.

One day the foreman brought in from the railroad an agent for one of the large eastern packing houses, who desired to inspect the herds with the object of buying for his firm.

"They had a bank robbery in town yesterday,"said the foreman, as the three of us sat at supper.

"Two men entered the First National, covered the cashier with revolvers, and got away with the entire contents of the safe.

It was a regular, old-time 'hold-up,'and the whole town is wild about it.""Was there no effort made to arrest them?"I asked.

"Yes,"the agent replied. "Some of the citizens who happened to notice them going in, became suspicious and started to investigate.

When the robbers came out with their booty in a sack, a fight ensued, and it is believed that one of the bandits was badly wounded, as several clots of blood were found on the pavement after the fray.

"Well, life on a sheep ranch is no great shakes at the best;

but, thank goodness, we're never in much danger of being visited by 'holdups,'"said the foreman.

"If one of 'em was especially partial to mutton, I can imagine him stealing a sheep;

but the craziest road-agent that ever looked from behind a Winchester, knows better than to waste his time looking for valuables in a place of this kind.""I like to see people manifest a disposition to look at the brighter side of life, and show a proper appreciation of small blessings,"the agent remarked, "but I believe I'd prefer to be a bank cashier in town, and take chances of being robbed every day, than to live on a barren plain and drink water out of an alkali well."This provoked quite a discussion as to the merits of different conditions of life, and the three-handed argument raged until we retired.

Early next morning preparations were made to take our guest on a tour of the herds.

This meant a season of isolation for me, since I was to be left in charge of the ranch.

Our cook, who would ordinarily have borne me company, had recently developed a fever, which compelled him to move into town for medical aid.

"Take good care of things, Al.,"cautioned the foreman, as I let go my hold on the team of bay broncos, and they swept out at the gate.

"I'll try to,"I shouted after them, r.t the same time trying to smother a feeling of discontent at being left behind.

As I stood watching them speed down the dusty road, Billy came trotting up to me with a "Ba-a"of good fellowship, and I endeavored to forget my dissatisfaction in a game of romps, in which he came out ahead, and I was compelled to beat a retreat to the office to escape his pugnacious attentions.

My long apprenticeship with the herd had made me familiar with solitude—yet my mental and physical unrest on that particular day would scarcely have seemed to indicate that I had ever been left alone.

I was as uneasy as a fish out of water, and I was not content to pursue any occupation, or remain in any one place, for ten minutes at a time.

Noon arrived, and, instead of cooking the usual meal, I dined on some cold scraps left over from breakfast.

Perhaps I should say, attempted to dine, for my appetite promptly failed me, and

I began to study my pulse for symptoms of

MY WOOLLY CONFEDERATE.

the fever which had deprived us of our cook.

Evening brought with it a partial cessation of unrest.

I cooked and disposed of a good meal, and then applied myself to posting up some recent accounts.

The night was quite warm and I left the office door open while I worked—Billy immediately utilizing the opportunity to bestow himself in his favorite position in the doorway.

After completing the entries I wished to make, I turned to that part of the ledger containing the financial chronicles of my earliest period of service with the company, and amused myself for some time by tracing the long series of debits and credits set under my name.

Suddenly I heard a footstep outside, and turning quickly to the door, in wonder as to who should be visiting me at that time of night,

I found myself looking directly into the gleaming eyes of a masked man, and also into the inhospitable barrel of a long six-shooter, which he held focused on my head.

The conversation of the night before instantly flashed into my mind, and I felt convinced that for some reason or other, I was about to undergo the honor of being "held up"by one or both of the men who had robbed the First National Bank.

"Throw up your hands!"he gruffly commanded, "and get up out o'that chair."I obeyed with all possible celerity, thinking as I did so what a fool he was to take the trouble to 'hold up'a man who never had an opportunity to carry anything more valuable than an old silver watch on his person.

His next words, however, conveyed a question that thoroughly enlightened me as to the object ot his visit, and also forcibly recalled the foreman's parting injunction to "look out for things.""Where's the key to the stable?"he demanded.

I was about to make the idiotic answer that I "didn't know,"when the idea flashed into my mind that, while I could not prevent him from taking the two saddle horses then in the stable, I might be able to obtain information that would prove of value to a pursuing party by treating him in a friendly way.

''The key to the stables?'I repeated, with my best imitation of a laugh, "I can find that for you easily enough.""Be right quick about it then,"he growled, stepping into the office.

"You needn't have pulled your pistol on me at all,"I commenced, fumbling in a drawer for the key, though I was quite well aware that it hung on a nail behind me.

"Needn't have pulled my pistol on you?'he repeated, in a doubtful tone.

"Why shouldn't I?"''For the simple reason that there's nobody that would like to see you boys get away, or help you to get away, any quicker than I would,"I replied, with my most insinuating smile thrown in as corroborative evidence of my friendship for the rascally pair.

"How do you know who we are?

A.nd who said anything about there bein'two of us?"he demanded, an evil gleam creeping into his eyes.

"Pshaw! Don't I know you're the fellows that robbed the bank over at Summit?

That was the nerviest thing I ever heard of, and I'm glad you did it.

That cashier was getting too conceited for any good, but I guess you took him down a peg or two before you got through with him.""Look here! you dry up, an'fork out that key,"growled my unwelcome visitor.

"You think you're pretty smart;

but the first thing you know, I'll fill you as full o'holes as a dog-town.'I saw that I had overreached myself, and probably imperilled my safety also, by trying, to "play in"with a desperate man;

and I en-

MY WOOLLY CONFEDERATE.

deavored to mollify the ugly humor of my captor by producing the key.

Marching me over to the stable at the point of his pistol, he selected the foreman's horse and ordered me to "saddle up.""Got any Winchester cartridges?"he asked, as I led the horse out of the stable.

"I think there's a box in a drawer in the office,"I answered.

"All right;

we'll go over an'get 'em.

Just tie the horse to that wagon while we're gone."Entering the office ahead of him, I took the box of cartridges from the drawer, and laid them on a chair where he could get them.

"Now, pardner,"he said, a murderous gleam shooting from his eyes, "I think you're too smart to live long;

an'to save somebody else the trouble, I believe I'll just kill you myself.

I heard the deadly "click-click"of the spring as he cocked his sixshooter, and the sound seemed to smite me dumb;

but though my tongue refused tu beg my life, the strength of a giant seemed suddenly to center in my quivering muscles, and I had a mad desire to spring upon him and beat him into insensibility.

I was maddened by terror, a sense of utter helplessness, and the thought that a man whom I had never harmed should be about to take my life in such a wanton wav;

and he must have read the insanity of desperation in my eyes, for he suddenly stepped backward, bringing down the heel of his boot on one of Billy's feet as he did so.

He pulled the trigger a moment later, the ball flew wide of the mark, and he measured his length backwards on the floor almost simultaneously with the crack of the pistol;

while Billy, whose timely pugnacity had been aroused by the robber's accidental intrusion into his dreams, persistently butted him down again as he attempted to rise, finally getting in a blow on the bandit's forehead that effectually stunned him.

To leap forward and snatch up the pistol was the work of a moment, and when the robber's wits returned, he found himself looking into the muzzle of his own weapon.

"What hit me?"he grunted, sitting up and rubbing his head disconsolately.

"My woolly confederate, my pet ram Billy; and if you don't crawl over to the back end of the office, and sit there quietly till morning, I'll set him on you again,"I replied grimly.

My hand on the pistol, I guarded my prisoner through the long night.

He met my questions as to the details of his recent crime, and the whereabouts of his partner, with a sullen silence, which he only broke to curse the pugnacity of the ram.

Sunrise brought with it a welcome hail from the outside, and a minute later I marshaled my prisoner into the presence of the county sheriff and a couple of keen-eyed men with him, whose faces lighted with smiles of recognition the moment they saw the captive.

"How d'ye do, Bill?"one of them grinned.

"The Utah air don't seem to be much healthier for you than the climate you left up in Idaho, does it?'"Mr. Wesley,"I said, addressing the sheriff, "I have the extreme pleasure of introducing to you one ot the gentlemen who robbed the bank in Summit the other day.""No, no; you're barking up the wrong tree;

I've got those fellows in jail already,"replied the sheriff.

"But this is a still better haul, seeing that it's the original Bill Hanson, for whose arrest there are standing offers of rewards amounting to nearly three thousand dollars, as these gentlemen can tell you.

They have been trailing him for a month, and no later than last night they captured his outfit and set him afoot, which was the reason he paid you a visit, I guess."

THE WORLD'S PROGRESS I told my story while we prepared breakfast, not forgetting a grateful acknowledgment of Billy's important assistance, which the prisoner resented by a scowl of hatred at the woolly cause of his downfall.

"I wouldn't mind it it I'd been captured man-fashion, but to be butted into the 'pen'by a confounded sheep is more than I can stand,"he growled.

When the officials left, they carried my name and address with them, and

I shortly after received a fair share of the reward.

In a drawer of my desk there is a silver chain and medal, taken from the neck of my woolly preserver after his death, and on the medal are inscribed these words:

TO BILLY, To whose saving pugnacity The donor of this medal Owes his life.

Alan Clifford.

THE WORLD'S PROGRESS DURING THE LAST HUNDRED YEARS.

As the century is drawing to a close, and but few of us are likely to live to see another go out, it may be profitable to review the present condition of the scientific development of the human race, and to look squarely at our position, and guess the possibilities of the twentieth century.

The great advance made in all branches of knowledge pertaining to the intellectual development of man, stamps the nineteenth century as the greatest of all since the advent of our Savior upon the earth;

for, during our time, and since the year 1800. the grandest achievements ot man's ingenuity have been unveiled.

It was in that Sir Humphrey Davy drew attention to the effect of sunlight upon a solution of silver chloride, and told the world of its effects, which were the advance signs of the coming knowledge of the law of actinism and its application to the photographic art.

Discovery after discovery, running through the century to this time, have produced so many results that, today, its votaries may be numbered by the millions.

It is the handmaiden of illustrative art.

It has cheapened the cost of popular magazines, so that the expense of their production has been reduced to a fraction of the fotmer cost, and makes it practicable to place before the most illiterate, reproductions of whatever may be desired.

Pictures are made from balloons;

are taken in the deepest mines, are obtained at the bottom of the sea—are made either by night or by day; and, to crown it all, a light has been produced so strong and penetrating that a human being has been photographed so that a true representation was produced on the opposite side to where the light was placed, and pictures have been produced by means of light passing through opaque bodies.

In the light of these results, may we not hope that in the event of any structural derangement in our internal economy, the trouble will be made plain, aud the obstruction or abnormal appearance photographed by means of a light passing through our bodies and plainly indicated upon the negative obtained?

There is also a promise that pictures, with the colors true to the natural ones, may be obtained.

An Irish gentleman has made some important discoveries that may lead to the realization of the most wonderful of all discoveries (when realized). Such an event would render valueless all

THE WORLD'S PROGRESS.

the previous efforts of men to reproduce the beautiful effects of color that abound everywhere, and make our lives full of enjoyment when we are not color-blind or indifferent to the beauties of nature.

The limits of this short article preclude further details in this branch of scientific evolution, one the least important compared with the electrical wonders that have startled mankind.

So fast have been the improvements produced that text books on electrical knowledge of ten years ago are valueless today. Benjamin Franklin, Volta and others, told us something of the first principles of electrics, the latter part of the eighteenth century, but the crowning results that have made electricity our handmaiden, have been realized during the lives of some who are present tonight.

Morse, Edison, Thompson, Bell, Siemons, are names among hundreds of others whose inventive genius has given us so much to enjoy.

Morse was the first to open up communication with the nations of the earth by means of the telegraphic alphabet, whose system almost girdles the earth today and that wili be completed before the birth of the twentieth century—that talks in the fathomless depths of ocean and across the desert wastes, and gives us the news of the world almost before the events have occurred.

No invention of the present age has conferred more lasting benefit to man than Edison's incandescent lamp, now used by millions—like the telegraphic alphabet, simple but grand.

The perfecting ol the application of electricity as a motive power has also been realized in the latter part of the last half of the present century.

The simple climbing ot our streetcars laden with sixty people to the car, up our hills, is as great a miracle as causing the axe to swim, referred to in the old Bible.

All is accomplished upon natural principles.

Today our cooking, our heating, our motive power is each obtained by the conservation of the waste forces of nature—such as falling waters.

One of the towns in Montana, Great Falls, enjoys the advantages of the present conditions of our knowledge of electrics in this way:

The falling waters turn the dynamos, the generators of electric force, and the power obtained drives the cars, propels the mills, lights the town, cooks the food, and, in part, warms the inhabitants.

The same sources are all around us, and will be ultimately harnessed for the benefit and pleasure of the people of our new State.

The immense speed of eighty miles an hour has been attained on an eastern railroad by electricity;

and the day is not far distant when the cumbrous engine that now draws our railroad cars will be a thing of the past.

Already an electric motor is used in the tunnel under Baltimore that can haul backwards the strongest engine ever constructed; and by its agency long trains are pulled through the tunnel without smoke or any annoyance whatever.

It may not be amiss to state that the first electric light ever seen in this city was produced in the old Twentieth Ward Schoolhouse by the writer, who used the whole Deseret Telegraph battery to effect the result, and all this under the auspices of the Twentieth Ward Institute in the early seventies.

At about the same time the telephone was also exhibited in the same house.

Probably all of you have witnessed the operations of the graphaphone, an elaboration of the phonograph, and heard it reproduce accurately words recorded as they fell from the lips that produced them.

More wonderful still, our very likenesses can be recorded and reproduced.

Today an operator can receive a message, and by means of machines somewhat resembling the typewriter, dexterously set up the type ready for printing the same, while it is being received.

49o "BE THOU THE TRUE MAN THOU DOST SEEK"I would urge upon all readers the duty of informing themselves in these wonderful manifestations, and they will be constrained to say with Morse when he sent the first message from Baltimore to Washington: "What hath God wrought!"

Wonderful results have been achieved in the means of locomotion since Fulton navigated the Hudson in 1807, and George Stephenson introduced his famous locomotive in 1830, which, he said, was run by sunshine, for the reason that the coal it consumed was created by the sun's rays, and the latent heat thus liberated was restored again to the volume of gasses surrounding our earth.

The lumbering old stage coach has almost disappeared from sight, and we are now carried at the rate of a mile and a half in a minute of time on the railroads.

In place of the old, uncertain sailing ships, we have now ocean steamers speeding over the bosom of the mighty deep at the rate of five hundred miles a day.

Canal boats are now propelled by electricity.

Our continent is crossed by six or seven lines of railroad.

In surgery, in medicine, vast improvements have been made, so great as to be considered impossible in years gone by.

In scientific studies wonderful results have been attained, notably in bacteriology.

The hidden sources of disease have been unveiled, and remedies proposed or provided.

The ocean of air has been analyzed, and new constituents discovered.

Change, change, eternal change is all around us.

Scientists look forward to the time when the elements of nutrition necessary to sustain life can be combined scientifically for the use of men.

Already we have artificial eggs that are as nearly like the originals as can be, but lacking the life principles that, as yet, is a profound mystery.

The old Psalmist said, "Men by searching cannot find out God."So with the mighty power which that Being controls, holding all the forces of nature in His grasp.

Great advancement has been made in our study of the sun and planetary systems.

The wonderful electroscope has made clear to us the composition of heavenly bodies in combustion.

The corona of the sun has been photographed, and worlds unseen by man have been made plain by means of the photographic dry plate.

Bodies in motion have been pictured in the one thousandth part of a second.

In short, in every department of human development, immense strides have been made, and at the present moment new discoveries are multiplied, so much so, that the pathway to prominence is filled with ambitious aspirants.

The struggle for superiority grows fiercer every year. None of us have any time to lose.

Some of us should be inventors. We should keep informed of the world's progress, and be careful to develop our own individuality.

C. R. Savage.

"BE THOU THE TRUE MAN THOU DOST SEEK!"

An old philosopher once gave this sage advice:

"Whatsoever you dislike in another person, take care to correct in yourself!"He neglected to add that the rule will work both ways:

"Whatsoever you like in another person, take care to cultivate in yourself."We occasionally meet people who are perfect radiators of sunshine, and whose very presence is soothing; people who are always serene and cheerful and who carry an influence that brings to all with whom they, come in contact brighter conceptions of the ends of living.

But we oftener meet people who repress us with their unwholesome moroseness;

who give us a

"BE THOU THE TRUE MAN THOU DOST SEEK.

49i clammy feeling as if entering a damp and musty cellar, and we are anxious to get away—to get out into the sunshine.

We like to meet the former class;

we will cross the street to avoid meeting the latter.

We are cheered and invigorated by the gentleness and unfailing sweetness of the one;

we are chilled and disheartened by the petty selfishness of the other.

We feel instinctively that the one is realizing in outward action some purpose of life;

we know that the other is making a miserable failure of living.

The initial business of life with the one is to be happy, but we feel intuitively that such people are not only enjoying their lives; they are living their lives.

Every individual has in consciousness an ideal higher plane toward which his inner and better self is continually prompting him to move.

Pricking of conscience always follows wrong doings and careless actions.

It is doubtful whether there is a period of life when feelings of intense satisfaction do not follow the attainment of some long cherished purpose.

Certain it is that no individual is ever left without at least some hope of what the future should be.

The farmer's son, while yet a little tot at his mother's knee, is dreaming of managing horses, of operating the farm machinery, of doing the other great things his father does.

The merchant's son, long before he has left the kindergarten, is "keeping store"in one corner of the sitting room, and as he deals out his play articles to his baby sister, sees in the dim future the large wholesale business which he is to manage.

The carpenter's son, fashioning rude huts with his little building blocks, is all the while erecting air castles of immense proportions—castles of which he is to be chief designer and architect.

Yes, these ideals change with maturity, but they do not all leave; they are no longer personified in father or uncle; they are less real and more ideal.

But the hope of realizing them still serves to tranquilize and inspire.

Conscience still commends worthy effort, and worthy effort still strengthens conscience.

And thus we see the divineness of Whittier's injunction at the head of this paper:

"Be thou the true man thou dost seek!"But we hear so much now-a-days of favorable and unfavorable condition;

of high and low tide environment.

And it is a convenient way for the young man who lacks ambition to excuse the fact that he is making less success of life than his neighbor, to declare that he is held down by circumstances, while his neighbor's surroundings have been conducive to advancement;

that his neighbor's star has been an ascending one, while his has been kept far below the horizon.

Yes, it's still an "excellent robbery"of this world of ours, ''that when we are sick in fortune, we make the stars guilty of our disasters;"and it's a cowardly evasion of the real question of life, for "Man is his own star, and the soul that can

Render an honest and a perfect man,

Commands all light, all influence, all fate.

Nothing to him falls early or too late.

Our acts our angels are, or good or ill, Our fatal shadows that walk by us still."

It is true that we are today the sum of all we have been in the past.

We are, too, "what our environments make us,"but we must not forget that our own natures, our own mental makeups, are powerful factors in that environment.

Every time we successfully combat some lower motive, we strengthen our "ideal true man."Nature has written a letter of credit upon some men's faces, which is honored almost wherever presented.

There are glimpses of heaven granted to us by every act or thought or word which raises us above ourselves.

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

VII.

In the preceding pages some reasons were given for believing that the Hawaiian people are a branch of the House of Israel.

Another reason which appeals strongly to those who are familiar with the promises pertaining to that favored people, is the readiness of the natives as a nation to receive the Gospel, and the further fact that in spite of their faults and weaknesses they enjoy the gifts of the Gospel to a marked degree.

In view of these things it seems strange that some among us are so narrow in our conceptions of the scope of the Gospel as to criticise the policy of the Church in sending missionaries to preach the plan of salvation to "such a degraded people."How often when a young Elder is called on a mission to the Sandwich Islands or to some other islands •of the Polynesian group, we hear expressions of sympathy and regret from friends (?) that he must labor among such a people instead of going to some of the more refined and enlightened nations of the world. Some

Elders there are (happily they are few) who have received the call in such a spirit and have refused to so humble themselves, but those who responded and filled faithful missions have many reasons to bless the spirit which inspired God's servants to choose them for the labor.

So far as my knowledge goes it is the universal testimony of the Sandwich

Islands missionaries that the days spent in proclaiming the Gospel upon those islands are remembered as some of the happiest of their lives.

The Lord was with them:

His spirit inspired them with love and charity for the natives, and they were filled with unspeakable joy that they were permitted to bring souls to a knowledge of the truth.

They knew by the testimony of the spirit that the souls they were striving to save were precious in the eyes of our

Heavenly Father, and the love of the

Gospel bound their hearts in sympathy with the native Saints.

Many Elders have labored among the Hawaiian people since the introduction of the Gospel there, and a great work has been accomplished for their redemption.

Thousands have received the Gospel, and still it is a fruitful field; indeed, it is no exaggeration to say, that in proportion to the total number of natives who have lived upon the Sandwich Islands since the Gospel was introduced there, a much larger number received the truth than among any other people upon the earth.

Nor have the benefits been all on their side;

the missionaries themselves have received blessings and experiences that perhaps they could not elsewhere have received.

They were taught to trust in God, and to become humble to that degree that His Spirit has often filled them with joy too great for expression.

Let those, too, who think that such a mission does not afford so greai. facilities and opportunities for experience and education as a mission to Europe, look at the men who have spent some of the best years of their lives there, and then say why it is that so many of them are numbered among the leading men of our Church today.

In a sermon delivered several years ago, President Joseph F. Smith, in speaking about some Elders finding fault because they were not given the choicest fields upon the earth to labor in says:

"When Brother George O. Cannon was called to go to the Islands, he had no such feelings. He learned the language and translated the Book of Mormon into the Hawaiian language.

He performed a glorious mission, and is now one of the First Presidency of the Church.

And, singular as it may appear, out

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

of the number of Elders that have been on missions to the Sandwich Islands, I can count more Apostles, more Presidents of Stakes, Bishops, and leading men, than can be found in the same number that have gone to any other country.

Why is this?

Perhaps it is because they manifested their willingness to descend below all things, that they might rise above all things.

If a man in this Church would be exalted, let him humble himself, and he that would exalt himself, God will abase."This, however, is wandering from the subject which we are now to consider after the brief descriptive and historical sketches of the Sandwich Islands, namely, the Sandwich Islands mission.

The first missionaries to the Sandwich Islands, ten in number, were sent out from San Francisco by Apostle C.

C.

Rich, who was then presiding over the Pacific mission.

They were Hiram Clark, who was appointed to preside over the mission, and Elders Thomas Whittle, John Dixon, H. W.

Bigler, Thomas Morris, James Keeler, James Hawkins, William Farrer and H.

B.

Blackwell.

They took steerage passage, or passage between decks, on the ship Is?naum of Muscat, Captain Ritches commander, and on November 22nd, 1850, went aboard to begin their voyage.

They were, however, detained Several days in San Francisco Bay by head winds, and altogether had a long and tedious voyage, landing in Honolulu on the 1 2th of December.

The same day, after bathing themselves in pure water, they ascended a small elevation near the city where they erected a rude altar of rough stones around which they gathered in prayer and dedicated the land for the opening of the Gospel.

The spirit of God rested upon them in rich abundance and by the spirit of prophecy they were promised all they had asked and even greater blessings than they had asked or hoped for.

At this time there was no idea of opening the Gospel dispensation to the natives.

They understood that their mission was to the whites only, because they had received no specific instructions otherwise from President

Rich.

Therefore truly were they blessed more than they had asked when before the year was out many of the natives received the truth and were baptized.

A few days after landing it was decided to separate and visit the other principal islands of the group.

So accordingly four Elders were chosen by the President and his counselor, Brother Whittle, to preside on those islands.

George Q.

Cannon was appointed for Maui, and chose James Keeler for his companion, or rather both the choice of companion and island were by lot, with that result.

H. W. Bigler and Thomas Morris for Molokai, John Dixon and William Farrer for Kauai,

James Hawkins and Hiram Blackwell for Hawaii was the final outcome of the further drawing and choosing.

Brother Morris was counseled to remain for a time in Honolulu with the

President and Brother Whittle, so that Brother Bigler went with Brothers Cannon and Keeler to Maui when they separated for their fields of labor one week after landing.

There were but lew white people living upon the islands, and there seemed but little prospect of doing any work among them.

It soon became evident that if their labors were to be confined to the whites, they would accomplish but little.

Brother Cannon and the brethren with him, soon decided to acquire the language and preach to the natives as well.

On this question there was a division of opinion; some of the Elders maintaining that their mission was to the whites only, and when these were fully warned, they were free to return.

President Clark refused to decide the question, but left each to his own interpretation of his duties.

However, when after diligent effort to introduce the Gos-

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

pel among the whites, the Elders on the other islands reported their utter failure, he counseled them to return to Honolulu, and from there four of them soon returned to California.

The president himself, shortly afterward, deserted the mission, going to the island of Tahiti, where he hoped for a better opening.

He remained some time among the South Sea Islands and returned home without accomplishing anything.

The spirit of the work took possession of the five Elders who remained, George Q.

Cannon, James Keeler, H. W.

Bigler, James Hawkins and William Farrer, and they studied hard to acquire the language.

Brother Cannon was especially blest in receiving the gift of understanding the language, by which means he was able to make such rapid headway in studying it that he was able to begin preaching in public three or four months after landing.

Elders Farrer and Bigler went to Oahu in April, 1851, leaving Elders Cannon and Keeler on Maui.

Elder Hawkins remained for some time alone on Hawaii, and finally went to Maui and labored there.

As soon as he was able to speak and understand the language sufficiently to teach the principles of the Gospel, even in broken and disjointed sentences, Brother Cannon could not rest content to remain idly at Lahaina, but was impelled by the Spirit of God to push out among the people and bear his testimony to them.

The better to accomplish this he lived with them and learned to eat their food.

Friends were raised up for him among some of the most influential natives in Wailuku;

but as he became popular through the message he bore to the people, the Presbyterian minister of that place came out one Sunday and denounced him and the founders of the Church in many slanderous lies.

He also abused those who had entertained Brother Cannon;

but the Lord overruled what he had intended for evil, for good.

Friends were raised up to him in consequence of this attack on his native entertainers.

Leaving Wailuku for a season until the opposition there had abated, Brother Cannon went to Kula, about fifteen miles distant on the side of Mt. Haleakela.

The following Sunday he and his teachings were assailed by the circuit minister, a Mr.

Green, who was holding meeting there.

When he ceased speaking, Brother Cannon arose and answered him and began to explain the principles of the Gospel, but he was interrupted and not allowed to proceed.

He announced that he would hold meetings, and invited everybody to come.

In a few weeks, having secured a house to hold meetings in, he was blest with seeing the beginning of his reward.

Brother Keeler had come up from Lahaina on Saturday, and on Sunday five were baptized, and afterwards a large branch of the

Church was established there.

Brother Keeler, leaving Brother Cannon at Kula, traveled around the island to a place called Keanae.

While stopping there, though unable to speak much of the language, he taught the people who were anxious to hear the new religion, by reading to them passages explaining the first principles of the Gospel.

A great interest was created in the whole neighborhood and the people were anxious to hear the principles expounded by some one who was able to speak the language.

So he returned to Kula for Brother Cannon.

They arrived at Keanae on Wednesday, where they were accorded a a royal reception by the people who turned out en masse to welcome them.

From that time till the following Monday, when Brother Cannon returned to Kula to organize a branch of the Church there, they were kept busy teaching, baptizing and confirming the people.

About one hundred and thirty were bap-

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

tized during that busy time, and subsequently four large branches of the Church were organized in that vicinity.

A few weeks later, August ioth, 1 85 1, other missionaries from Utah arrived at Lahaina.

These were, Philip B. Lewis, who was called to preside over the mission, and F. A.

Hammond, with their wives, and John S. Woodbury, whose wife remained in California because of lack of means to pay ship fare.

She came down a few months later with Elder W. J.

Perkins and wife.

Philip B.

Lewis removed to Honolulu and established his headquarters there.

F. A. Hammond and wife settled at Lahaina and afterwards at Makawao and at Waihee, but finally leased a place at Lahaina, where Sister Hammond taught school and thereby was able to materially help in building up the Church.

Brother Hammond, as the ministers of the popular church expressed it, "made shoes week days and preached on Sundays."However, he traveled among the people and did much preaching besides on Sundays.

Their home became and was considered the home of the Elders who labored in that part of the

Islands.

Besides her household duties and school teaching Sister Hammond did all the sewing for the missionaries on Maui.

Her uniform kindness and cheerfulness under all circumstances won for her the love of all, and all whom I have heard speak of it, tell how sweet it was to get "home"occasionally after a missionary tour among the natives.

When the ministers saw the hold our missionaries were getting at Keanae they were alarmed, and exerted every effort of persuasion and threats of force to make the new converts recant.

They influenced owners of the land to prohibit meetings, and also prevailed on the officers of the government there to use their authority to stop the spread of the Gospel.

In fact"they were very much worked up over the success of the Mormons.

At one of their conferences held at Lahaina the subject was much discussed.

They said the devil had come three times to the Islands.

First, I believe, as a circus;

next as Catholic priests, and last and worst of all, "the Mormons"had come.

President Philip B.

Lewis and Brother Cannon called upon the heads of the government at Honolulu to protest against the discrimination that was made against our missionaries, and also to urge the rights of their converts to all the freedom of any other sect.

And to the credit of the government, be it said, their petitions were listened to and their rights were assured them.

The Mormon missionaries were to be considered ministers of the Gospel, an honor that had by the influence of both the Protestant ministers and Catholic priests been heretofore denied them.

Among the benefits derived from this recognition of their standing by the government, was the remission of the poll-tax, amounting to five dollars each, which was a large sum for Elders who were traveling without purse or scrip.

In January, 1852, Brother Cannon began the translation of the Book of

Mormon into the Hawaiian language, and at the October Conference, 1853, the work was reported completed.

The final revision, in which he was aided by educated native Elders who had joined the Church, was completed the last day of January, 1854.

A committee was appointed at the

October Conference, 1853, to solicit subscriptions in order to buy a press.

The press was bought and set up in San Francisco, where the book was published and sent to the Elders upon the Islands to be distributed among the natives.

When the time comes, as come it soon may, when the Book of Mormon shall be published in other dialects of the Polynesian language, it will be a comparatively easy matter to adapt this Hawaiian translation into the other languages.

So the importance of

JOHN STE VENS

'CO UK TSHIP.

this the first translation of the Book of Mormon into the language of a people who are descendants of the ancient inhabitants of America and to whom it is rich in promises, can be readily understood.

In February, 1852, nine more Elders Irom Utah arrived in Honolulu.

They were B.

F. Johnson, Nathan Tanner, James McBride, Ephraim Green, Thomas Karren, James Lawson, R.

A.

Allred, R.

N.

Allred and Egerton Snider.

The work had been confined principally to Maui, but with this addition to their ranks the work was extended to all the group.

At a conference held in May, native Elders were also called to preach, and as a result of this new help several thousand were added to the Church.

At a conference held July 24th, 1854, the five Elders who remained of the first ten who had gone to the Islands, were released to return home.

In his "My First Mission,"President George Q. Cannon writes of this return:

"We had landed there, friendless and unknown so far as man was concerned.

Now there were thousands who loved us, who rejoiced in the truth of the Gospel and in the testimony of Jesus.

On that wharf that day was an illustration of the power of the Gospel, in creating love in the hearts of the children of men.

We had gone forth weeping and bearing precious seeds.

The Lord had given us souls for our hire.

Many who were baptized there have gone hence, who I firmly believe will be numbered with the redeemed and sanctified.

Others, doubtless, will prove faithful and receive an inheritance in the Kingdom of our Father."Marvin E. Pack.

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A TALE OF THE BUCHANAN WAR.

IX.

Diantha turned away and putting her arm around the form of her friend they sped through the late afternoon sunshine to their home with flying feet, silent tongues and an unspoken prayer in both hearts for John Stevens, that he might not be overcome.

As for John, he strode up to the soldier, as soon as the girls were out of hearing, and with the low roar of an angry lion, he growled:

"What is to hinder my choking the dastard life out of your lustful body?"As he spoke, quick as a flash, he had pinioned the man's arms, and with the grip of a an infuriated animal, he had his hands around the white, gentlemanly throat, and for a moment his passion so blinded him that he knew nothing, saw nothing but a huge, black cloud which overspread all nature and his own heart.

This murderous impulse passed, and with another awful groan, he released his hold, and with a fling, threw the stranger away from him, and quickly turning his back, buried his face in his hands, and one hot, silent tear scalded his repentant eyes.

The soldier, after a few moments of insensibility, came to himself, and with a profound effort, he dragged himself up, and shaking his body together, he stood upon his feet, and said, quietly and sneeringly, though rather hoarsely:

"You asked me a very queer question, my good fellow, and if I had not more regard for law and decency than you seem to have, I would answer it like this:"With the words John felt the muzzle of a

JOHN STE VENS'COUR TSHIP.

revolver at his ear.

Again, with the flash of a tiger, John seized the other's arm, twisted the pistol out of his hand, and with a quick, backward spring, he had thrown the weapon into the brawling river beside them.

"Humph!"ejaculated John, with a deep sneer in his voice, ''do you think, you soldiers, that you are out here with nothing but squaws to oppose you?

Men who have wives and homes to protect, are not afraid of popguns."And then, as if mastered anew with the terrible emotions surging in his breast, John asked, slowly:

"What is to hinder my sending your soul to hell, where it so rightfully belongs?"This time the soldier looked into the hot angry eyes so close to his own, and perhaps his own bravery had some effect in recalling John to his senses, for after a few moments, the soldier folded his own arms, and with a light touch, indicated the epaulettes upon his shoulders, and said almost airily:

"Oh, I dare say, that even you have some respect for the dignity ol this Government of ours.

And perhaps, too, your wholesome fear of displeasing the notorious Brigham, would hinder you from thus disgracing yourself.

John said nothing, and the other quietly went to the tree where his horse was fastened, and untying and mounting his steed said, lightly:

"Have you any messages to send to our fort?

If so, I shall be pleased to carry them.""Yes, you may tell your commander-in-chief that if he wishes to keep the heads of his men on their shoulders, he would do well to keep them away from our towns and away from our women.

We will defend homes and virtue with our lives."The soldier was now on his horse, and comparatively safe, so he ventured to reply tauntingly:

"Ah, my dear fellow, don't trouble yourself;

the women will hunt us up.

I know the dear creatures better than you do.

You are very unsophisticated, depend upon it.

We shall soon have hard work to keep out of the way of the women.

Ta, ta. "And before John could move, he had dashed away in the trees, and was soon out of sight and hearing.

John Stevens was left behind with all the agonized load of fear and dread which swept over him like a mountain cloud-burst.

He leaned against a tree and with arms folded across his breast and head dropped, he heaved many a sigh and even shed some scalding tears.

The thing he had most dreaded in all the United States'onslaught upon his people, had come to pass.

And to think that the two women he loved best upon earth, should be in the greatest danger from this source

Death for the men, hunger, cold, war, pain, all these were slight things compared to the one danger which to him had been ever present.

The danger which would assail the youth of both sexes, but more particularly the young women, to forsake the simple, honest lives of their people, and become involved in the sins and corruptions of the outside world, this had been his constant dread.

Was this not Zion?

Was God coming from His hiding place to keep Babylon from our midst? With all the strength of his soul he loved chastity and purity.

He had, at what cost no one but a strong man may tell, kept his own nature as sweet and pure as that of any woman, and he knew that in strictest chastity only was there safety and peace for either men or women in this life or the life to come.

Why was he so sensitive to all these impressions and fears?

Why could, he not be like Tom Allen, careless and unthinking as to past, present or future, unless it affected his own pleasure?

But he knew he

JOHN STEVENS

C O UR TSHIP.

could not.

Gifted with a peculiarly sensitive and keenly perceptive nature, he saw far beyond the present action; he saw the end to which such action tended, in a measure, and he suffered with all the intensity of such a soul, when he or any one he loved turned aside from the narrow, straight path of chastity and right.

After hours of silent suffering and struggle, he arose to find the stars shining above his head in twinkling peace, and with a heavy, but quieted heart, he made his way home to the crowded village beyond.

He resolved that he would seek Apostle Willis the next day, and perhaps, even go to President Young for some counsel in this terrible situation.

Apostle Willis was much moved and excited over the events which had involved his own sister as well as the daughter of his friend, Bishop Tyler, who was not at home to look after his child.

Apostle Willis suggested at once that they should go to see President Young, and lay the whole affair before him for counsel.

They found President Young full of business cares and anxieties concerning the fate of his people, but when the two men entered, the President asked them to go with him to his inner room, and they could then present their business before him.

John Stevens told the whole story, not adding one detail, nor seeking in the least to exaggerate the danger or the wrong attempted.

But his brief, quiet statement did more to lay the true state of the case before the President than a torrent of language or invective could have conveyed.

Apostle Willis was very much excited, and begged the President to take steps to prevent any such meetings in the future.

He was for threatening to kill any soldier who was found outside his own barracks;

or he wanted to have all the women placed under strict guard, that no one should be permitted to approach them but their own people.

Could not a high wall be built, or some method of defense for our lovely girls be devised? he asked anxiously.

The President listened as patiently to the wild talk and plans of his excited companion as he had to the quieter, yet intenser recital of the other man.

After each had said all he cared to say on the matter, the President, who had been whistling to himself under his breath, and twirling his thumbs, as was his custom when in deep thought, turned his piercing eyes upon the two men so anxiously regarding him, and said, slowly:

"It's no use, brethren, to try to force people to do right.

You can't keep people virtuous by shutting them up in prisons.

The only way that I know of to get people, men or women, to walk in the path of virtue and righteousness, is to teach them correct principles, and then let each one govern himself.

If our daughters want to do wrong, if they can't find any of our own boys who will help them, they will find plenty of men in the world ready to ruin them.

And after such girls have served the devil long enough, they will be glad to creep back to father's hearthstone, and sit in the corner and eat the crumbs from his table.

Teach all to do right and live their religion, and give them their agency.

Let parents live their religion and go quietly along, and some day their children will all come back to them."This was hard counsel for these two men to follow;

they were so anxious, so full of loving solicitude for the two beautiful girls in question.

After a moment the President looked searchingly'at John Stevens and said inquiringly:

"Brother Stevens, why don't you court one or both of those girls and marry them yourself?

The best way to drive out evil is by introduc-

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

ing good in its place.

Women and men both desire to love and be loved and I sometimes think our Elders will be held responsible for the loss of our girls, if they make no effort to give them a love worthy and pure."The conference was ended, and John felt that the whole burden had been flung on his shoulders.

Well, he was strong and willing; he was no coward either.

But how could he force love?

How could he do the impossible?

The two girls avoided him all the next day; for with feminine instinct, they divined their case would come up for grave consideration, and neither cared to be questioned or chastised.

That evening at supper, Tom Allen remarked that the Clarks were coming over to spend the evening, and he wondered if they could have some games in the front yard, as it was a bright moonlight night.

Both Diantha and Ellen were waiting upon table, and no one for the moment seemed anxious to answer Tom's remark.

Sister Willis, as well as Aunt Clara, had evidently heard something of recent events, and both were very serious and quiet.

But the others of this large and oddly-assorted family assemblage had heard nothing, and accordingly the idea of having some p-ames to help pass away the brief summer evening was received with general favor.

It was a little puzzling to Diantha to see the lover-like attention of John Stevens to her friend Ellen.

They sat together, they chose each other for every game, they talked together in the most confidential manner, and at last ended by going off together for a walk before the evening was half over.

Of course, she had seen them act just that way before; but then, she had cared nothing whatever about it John was always very queer, and she never quite knew how to take him.

In fact, that was about the only reason she had retained the slightest interest in him.

A girl does so dislike a man who lets her know all there is to know about himself. A little discreet reserve is such a charm in a man.

Now, my lady Dian felt that she had been actuated by a very uncommon feeling down in the grove, and she had actually stooped to ask a man to do a favor for her sweet sake if he loved her forsooth.

Certainly that man ought to respond by devoting himself to her at once and forever.

And that identical man was doing the very opposite thing.

She watched and waited for their return from the walk, feeling, for the first time in her life, that somebody had slighted her.

It was not altogether an accident that she sat under the huge cottonwood tree on the return of the two, nor was it wholly without design that my lady looked like the very spirit of the night, with her simple white dress, her pale, yellow gleaming hair breaking about her face in rings and waves, while her white arms, bared to the elbow, rested on her lap and deadened the white of her dress by their warm creamy tints.

Henry Boyle stood at a little distance, evidently taking his leave as he leaned on the rude bars of the fence.

Ellen came up to her, and as John sat down on one side of her, Ellen slid close to her friend on the other side, and put her arms lovingly around her neck.

"Oh Di, isn't the night lovely?""Yes, dear, it is.

But it is getting late, and we must go in."John sat so close to the fair-haired girl that he could see the blue veins in her partly uncovered neck, and as he looked at her beautiful face and form, the remembrance of the scene he had witnessed in the grove, and that this dear form had been gazed at and admired by a wicked man who would gladly ruin her, this brought the hot tide of feeling well-

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

ing up in his heart, and he was obliged to turn away his face from her dazzling beauty, while he slowly stroked his long beard, and listened to Henry Boyle exchange nonsense with the two girls.

Ah, John, your lesson is not learned yet!

As the two girls said good night to their friends, they instinctively sat down again for a long talk, something neither had enjoyed for weeks;

and they felt all the joy of recovered confidence.

What if Dian did feel a little half jealous of Ellen, and Ellen was more than a little jealous of Diantha. They were girls, and they were sincere friends. Jealousy could not rob them of their affection one for the other, they were both too noble for that.

In the long and confidential talk which followed, Dian learned far more of the young soldier's visits than had been told John Stevens.

And while Dian could see that her friend had been in a very dangerous position, her own foolish action of the afternoon before closed her lips against giving the good advice which she was generally so ready to give.

"But, you know, Dian, that it is all over now, and I am going to behave myself after this.

Say, Di, do you care anything about John Stevens?"

The question was a frank one, and

Diantha Willis was not the person to evade any sort of a question.

But she was also honest, and she sat some minutes before giving her answer.

She wanted to tell the exact truth.

"No, I don't care about John, in the sense of the word that you imply;

I don't know whether I ever could or not.

I can't tell; maybe, if he really loved me, and tried awfully hard to make me love him, well, I don't know I'm sure.

But one thing I am sure of, I don't care anything about him now, only as a friend.

Why?""Oh, I just wanted to know, dear, for I believe I could love him better than any man on earth, if he would let me.""Well, my dear, just you go on loving him, for I am sure he loves you, and I hope you will be happy with him."I wish I could tell the truth, and say that my dignified Dian felt no inner pang of jealousy as she uttered these generous sentiments.

But I am like my friend Dian herself, given to speaking the truth as it in me lies.

And I therefore am obliged to record the fact, that there stirred in her heart a very indistinct wish to know the exact condition of her friend John

Stevens'affections.

Curiosity in a woman is not at all a common thing, but if once roused, it is apt to be a very strong motive.

A week from the time of these occurrences it was announced that there would be a return made to the deserted homes in Salt Lake City.

The move had accomplished its purpose, and the people were about to return to their homes and occupations.

The hurry, confusion and turmoil consequent upon packing up to travel, were endured gladly, for every heart beat high with joy that their beloved lands and homes were not to be left behind once more and the people turned again into the desert, homeless and poor.

Diantha rode to the city with her brother in his spring wagon, and as she sat on the front seat, she was soon covered with dust, and with the loss of her pink and white complexion came an appreciable decline in the thermometer of her generally sweet and cheerful disposition.

No one ever accused Diantha of vanity, but there was nothing which made my lady thoroughly angry, unless it was to feel that she was looking ugly and commonplace;

all of which goes to prove that all are of the earth, earthy.

Ellen Tyler rode several teams behind Dian, in her father's wagon, the spring carriage being occupied by

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

50I other members of the family.

Now, no matter how dusty or how much at a disadvantage our dear little Ellen might be placed, if she was only treated lovingly and kindly by those she loved, and if she was sure of one true heart, as she herself put it, she was always cheerful and pleasant.

And Ellen was in high feather. John

Stevens drove the wagon she was in, and the whole journey seemed more like a picnic of pleasure, than a dusty two days'journey.

The party were toiling up the long and steep grade to the north of Lehi and John was out of the wagon, walking beside his team, whistling occasionally to his horses, and sometimes coming up to the wagon to hear the merry chatter of his companion.

He had allowed himself to get some distance behind his team, when he saw in a sudden turn of the road, a small party of horsemen coming towards them, and as the dust cleared away, he discovered they were soldiers.

He tried to hurry up so that he might be near or reach Ellen before they passed her, for some instinct warned him that there was need, yet it was too late.

As they passed him, he gazed at the dashing captain for it was Captain Sherwood, his own hated enemy, to whom he gave a look of hate and repugnance.

It was returned with a flash of sneering triumph.

The gay captain had cause to be triumphant.

As he passed by the long train of wagons, his eyes were eagerly searching each wagon for the two faces he had come out purposely to see.

He hardly knew Diantha, he had seen her but once, and now the gold of her hair was a tawny clay, and the tiny curls were stiff with the dust; while the enchanting pink and white of her skin was lost in a deep, sun-flushed crimson, covered over with the dun dust of the valley road.

As soon as he recognized her, however, and that only as they met face to face, he raised his cap with a courtly bow.

Whether Diantha was a little afraid of her brother's instant anger, or whether she was moved by her own sense of right and propriety, or whether there was mingled with it all an indignation that she was not recognized because of her unprepossessing appearance, she herself never tried to fathom, and so we will not stop to inquire;

but certain it was that my lady stiffened herself into an attitude of freezing hauteur, visible through all her dusty disguises, and with a stony stare of her gleaming blue eyes, she coldly looked into the laughing black eyes bent upon her, and gave the soldier a direct cut.

"I say, old chap, that young lady would give pointers to a New York belle in giving a fellow his conge, but I should say she was not badlooking when clean and properly dressed."So spake a fellow officer as the two rode at the head of their squad.

Captain Sherwood had invited his friend Saxey to come along, as he had learned that this party were on the road, and he wanted his friend to see the two girls who had so taken his own fancy.

Ellen saw them coming, and first looking discreetly back to see that John was well out of sight, she gave the captain a laughing and apologetic smile, and then turned her head coquettishly aside, as the horsemen dashed by.

"That girl is as pretty as the other, only in a different way,"said

Captain Saxey.

"But I would advise you, Sherwood, to let these women alone.

You will make yourself and others a great deal of unnecessary trouble, and I can't see that it will do you or anyone else any good.""Oh, d n your advice, Saxey.

What is life anyway?'Homespun.

(To be continued,)

THE DREAM.

"I SHALL not attempt to make vows, dear;

I shall let my life's actions towards you speak in place of all I feel like uttering, in return for this inestimable gift.

Claire Partfhurst's clasp tightened a little on the strong hand that held hers, and she leaned forward and looked earnestly into Leigh Merrale's eyes.

"But I am going to ask you to make a vow, Leigh; and you may know how seriously I mean it, since I ask it in return for—for the promise I have just made you."Leigh Merrale leaned down and kissed the white forehead that shone almost transparently in the moonlight.

No one else was on the porch; and were they not now betrothed?

"You may know beforehand what my answer will be in the face of that argument,"he said smiling.

"But it must not be treated lightly, indeed, Leigh.

It is a very serious matter for both of us, and my conscience only lets me make the request at this time, to show you how deeply I feel its right.

I have always felt that there was but one thing that stood between us, Leigh, and that you might—since you have no absolute conviction against it—or for something opposite or definite—yield what I have so often asked.""You mean, dear, the question of religion?'"Yes;

I want you to commence the new life we are planning, as a member of my church.

I can't bear to think there should be any difference between us, Leigh, and above all things, in that."A troubled look came into Merrale's eyes, and he clasped her hand more closely as he spoke.

"You will know how it grieves me to deny you, Claire, but I rely upon your clear judgment to perceive how vain a victory you would gain, with no sense of conviction or sacredness on my part to sanctify my surrender to your wish.""Do you doubt that I have thought it out?

There is nothing I have not weighed in every scale; and my conscience assures me that even such a surrender as that is better than that you should remain outside the pale of every religion.""Of every church, dear;

not of religion.

Faith in God is in itself religion, and I claim to have more of that than many men who harp themselves hoarse on doctrine.

Not that I mean to scoff at creeds or doctrines;

to such as have sincere beliefs I accord an earnest respect;

but I cannot play weakling or hypocrite to the extent of wearing the name or badge of any creed in whose doctrines I have no faith.""You have told me you have nothing against the tenets of my church.""The tenets of your church are the teachings of the New Testament no more nor less.

With immaterial variations they are those of every church in Christendom.

It is that which disheartens me with all of them.

There is no vitality in them no earnest, breathing, forceful life, such as made the glory of the early Christians.

It is all rote and form where there should be burning deeds and manifestations of spiritual power.

The pulpit is no more than a lecture platform, where intellectual theories are aired—outworn platitudes built upon philosophies hatched by men alone.

In the high sphere of religion there should be gifts to correspond new thought, new inspiration, aye, new revelation.""Leigh!"Claire Parkhurst's shocked face seemed almost pale in the moonlight.

She half withdrew the hand that lay in her lover's clasp.

"Leigh, how can you scoff at platitudes and fail to see that you rush to a more absurd and dangerous extreme?

It is always visionaries like you who remain unconverted, whose very discontent dooms them to outer dark-

THE DREAM.

503ness.

You look too far and lose sight of the good lying directly in your path—blinding your eyes to the light that shines, in looking for something brighter.""My dear Claire, I shall risk my consistency by venturing a platitude and remind you that in every age that which has advanced the cause of the church or state or any other noble institution, has been the thought and effort of so-called 'visionaries.'""I shall not argue with you, Leigh.

I had hoped you might sacrifice your intellectual pride at this time if not for your own sake, for mine.""Claire,"Leigh's face was very earnest, and his voice tinged with something like emotion, "I shall prove my feeling for your interest by telling you something—something I had promised myself never to reveal to any living soul until, indeed, the fulfillment of the story itself had taken place.

In fact I have felt it would be almost sacrilege to speak of it;

but in return for your goodness to me, since I cannot yield to the wish you have made, I shall tell you why it is impossible to do so."A look of wondering interest came into Claire's face, and she listened intently as her lover commenced to tell her story:

"It is almost ten years ago, when I was a boy of seventeen, that

I was first impelled to feel an interest in religious matters.

My parents, who were Presbyterians, from my childhood, taught me that my salvation depended on my acceptance of their faith; but though I was too young to have formed any decided opinion against it, I had been as yet too careless in spiritual matters to be exercised to any material degree by their teachings.

At the time of which I speak, however, both my parents were urgently pressing me to 'become converted,'and join the church; and, as several of my young companions were about to become members, I determined to study the doctrines and principles with a view to preparing myself for baptism into the church.

"Though setting about it at first as a mere matter of duty and routine, I soon became deeply interested in my studies, and in place of the indifferent interest I had felt before, I found myself becoming possessed of a burning desire for spiritual, knowledge and truth.

"Though there were many things that appealed to me in my parents'creed, some were of such a nature as to be directly repulsive to every instinct or spark of reason I possessed; and in the condition of doubt and anxiety in which I found myself, I could gain no comfort either from parents or pastor.

I addressed myself in prayer to God for light; but after sleepless nights spent in supplication, I would rise to go over the same reflections and listen to the same arguments from others, without a ray to relieve my spiritual darkness.

"So it went for a period of about three months.

One night, however, I had lain awake, repeating the prayer I had made so often, when suddenly I fell into a state which, though half-sleeping, yet left my senses singularly receptive and acute.

While I lay thus, I had a dream or vision—by whatever name you may be pleased to call it—whereby I was distinctly forbidden to commit myself to the faith which my parents were urging upon me; and not only that, but to withhold myself from all sects, till a time when I should be given plainly to understand what religion

I should rightfully embrace.

"While I was wondering in what way this knowledge would come tome, I was shown a city very pleasing to see; green with orchards and grain fields, and in the midst of it a temple, upon whose topmost spire stood the golden image of an angel, holding in his hand a trumpet with which the true Gospel was proclaimed

THE DREAM.

throughout the earth.

The scene was pictured distinctly on my sight, for, as it seemed, three full minutes, then it faded from view.

Though my sensation, when it ended, was as if rousing from sleep, yet the impression was not as the memory of a dream, but as a distinct event and reality.

And while no repetition came in answer to my prayer, I was so convinced that what I had seen was an answer to my previous supplications, that I arose and wrote down all that I had seen.

Not only this, but so distinct was my impression of the city I had beheld, that I was able to make a sketch of the scene in outline, in which every salient detail was preserved.

Should the memory of my dream become musty—which I little fear—the picture will enable me to identify the original when I see it.

Now, Claire, you know why I have been forced to be deaf to your arguments, and seemingly cruel in withholding consent to your wish.

I cannot yield myself a convert to this or any other creed till I receive the testimony of its truth, as will be shown by the symbol in my dream.""Leigh?""Yes?""If I didn't know you as I do, do you know what I should be tempted to think?'"That I am insane?""Yes.

I and everyone else doubtless have had dreams vivid as yours; but if each of us went about proclaiming them as visions "You would be properly laughed at.

But if you had made the most important thing in your life a matter of prayer, and had received an answer as plain as that given to me, you would be guilty of sacrilege to ignore it.""Where is this manuscript and picture you made?""In my private desk at home.""Will you let me see them?""Once more I must deny your wish, dear.

Both are in a sealed packet, to remain so till my dream is answered.

I was impelled to do this at the time, and have felt too strongly impressed since, to alter my decision."Claire was silent a moment, and then, at a sudden thought, leaned forward with eager earnestness.

"Leigh, how do you know that the faith signified in your dream may not be my own?

You had not investigated it at that time, and it was still in store for you to accept.""Yes, dear; but if the Episcopal church was meant, why have I not seen the literal sign as was promised?""A temple might be the general symbol of the true church of God.""Agreed;

but the temple in my dream was a material building of stone and mortar."''And the angel?'There was a tinge of sarcasm in Claire's tone.

"An image, seemingly wrought of brass or gold, and standing as a material headpiece of the material edifice,"Leigh answered quietly.

"And you actually attach so much importance to this dream that you will let it influence you finally in so vital a matter as your eternal salvation?'Leigh laughed quietly.

"I am hoping to be influenced in just that and by nothing else."Claire did not reply to him; and presently when they spoke again it was upon some different subject.

As the hour was late Leigh did not prolong his visit and soon took leave of his fiancee, pleased to see that the little constraint that had arisen between them during their argument had not affected Claire to the extent of causing a continued or material change in her manner or feelings.

There was, however, a little sense of discomfort in Leigh's heart as he walked home through the moonlit night.

The matter which had been under discussion was very precious to him,

THE DREAM.

and he felt that so far from having awakened Claire's interest or sympathy in his belief, that she would, if not outwardly, yet silently oppose it, and it meant that one inharmonious chord must always sound jarringly between them.

He could only hope that the time would soon be when the sign promised him should be verified, and that its fulfillment would win her faith, as it would complete his.

Till then he could only be cautious and patient, while faithfully watching for the realization of his hopes.

It is five years later.

Our couple, happily married, are just now absent lor the first time from the cozy home in their pretty native city, where they have spent the three yeais of their married life—business of importance having taken Leigh to D a far away western town and Claire accompanying him for the benefit of her health.

Leigh has just entered their room at the hotel with letters and papers from home, and Claire eagerly settles herself in her chair to enjoy them.

Leigh keeps a metropolitan newspaper for himself—the Sunday edition of a great New York daily, its numerous pages containing material enough to fill a half dozen first-class periodicals—reading and illustrations included.

Glancing through it, Leigh's eyes suddenly became riveted upon a picture taking up nearly a half of the ten column page.

Staring at it silently, he vainly tried to place the scene whose unmistakable familiarity challenged, yet puzzled his memory.

Before he had time to read the line of small type at the foot of the picture, a thought came to him that for a moment made his heart stand still.

The high building with its numberless spires and central capstone, 8 d surmounted by an angel—surely he had seen it before—and where?

A sudden exclamation brought Claire hurriedly to his side.

"What is it, Leigh?"she asked, looking over his shoulder.

"Do you see this?"he said, breathlessly, pointing to the picture.

"Why, yes;

what of it?"she asked.

"Don't you remember?

Don't you realize?

It is the exact image of the building I saw in my dream.""Your dream?"Claire repeated;

for the moment mystified.

"Surely you have not forgotten the scene I described in relating to you my vision!

See, here is a copy of the self-same picture I saw, and drew from memory so long ago.

"Then it is an absolute proof of what I have so often told you!"exclaimed his wife triumphantly.

"An actual place or picture you had at sometime seen remained engraven on ycur mind, and afterward took shape in your dream.

I have always felt it would be proven to you sometime, and it has come at last!"For a moment her husband was silent, partially impressed in fact by her words.

Then he glanced eagerly at the inscription under the picture.

"Let us see what place it is,"he said.

Holding the paper somewhat unsteadily, he read aloud.

"The new Mormon Temple in Salt Lake City.

Foundation laid in 18—.

Capstone to be placed at the coming General Conference, April 6th, 1893."He had no sooner finished, than Claire burst into hearty laughter.

"There, my dear Leigh;

will you claim your dream to be a vision after that?

Forgive me,"she continued, as she saw the serious look in Leigh's face, "I don't mean to ridicule, but think!

Of all places on earth—a Mormon temple!""Mormon or Mohammedan, it is the place I saw in my dream,"her husband replied, somewhat sternly,

THE DREAM.

but with a little tinge ol misgiving in his tone.

"Possibly it is;

I shall not deny that you may have seen this spot, or perhaps something similar.

But that argument is not detrimental to my theory.

You have undoubtedly seen the place before your dream, and in the time of your continued and unusual application to your religious studies and intense spiritual struggle, the image of this edifice, representing as it does a place of worship however much of error there undoubtedly may be in their belief and mode ol worship, naturally became imaged in the dream which came itself as a natural sequence of your intense meditations on spiritual matters.""You forget that this building is but just finished and that my dream occurred fifteen years ago.""That does not preclude the possibility of your having seen its picture.

Undoubtedly drawings of the design were photographed, and published even longer ago than that.""Even if so,"her husband replied, "it is improbable that it should have reached my eyes, in that far-away eastern village.

Besides, the name would have doubtless fixed itseli in my memory, had I seen it.

The fact is, that up to the time of its occurrence I had never heard the name 'Mormon'uttered, so that that theory cannot hold.""Well of course, dear, if you are determined that the dream was a revelation and that this is its fulfillment, I will not try to argue against it."There was a look of relief and triumph on Claire's face, in spite of her apparent acquiescence, which her husband could not but see.

There was, in fact, but little eagerness in his own assertions.

Mingled with the thrill of belief and wonder which he had felt at first sight of the picture, was a feeling of stunned disappointment and aversion at the association it held.

To have looked forward for years to a sacred fulfillment of his vision, and then seen its first hint of realization in this print of the chief religious edifice of a sect, the most despised of any on earth was a blow, the intensity of which Claire could not even guess.

Almost a mockery it seemed, and for the first time there came home to him with some degree of force, the argument which Claire had often made that the dream might have been but a snare of the tempter, to keep him from the true light which he was so zealously seeking.

As he was meditating a rap came at the door, and in reply to Claire's summons, Mrs.

Tracy, one of their fellow-boarders, whose acquaintance Claire had made during her stay at the hotel, put her head in at the door and called out, shaking her finger at

Claire playfully:

"Mrs. Merrale, I have been waiting in my room fifty-nine minutes to give you that lesson in Russian embroidery, you were to take at o'clock.""And it is 3 now,"said Claire regretfully, glancing at the clock.

"How careless of me to forget!

I shan't keep you waiting an instant longer.

Hastily gathering up needles, filoselles and beads, she followed her friend from the room, leaving her husband to his own reflections.

Relieved at the interruption which gave him a chance to meditate alone,

Leigh took up the paper again with a half sigh.

There was a detailed account of the building ofthe temple and a short history of the Mormon people in the article, which accompanied the picture, and he read it from beginning to end with intense, though reluctant interest.

The sketch had been written by a "home"correspondent and in a fair spirit, dealing generously with the motives of the people, and recording some of their sufferings and sacrifices in a few simple strokes that were more effective than pages of sentiment.

It left him with an awak-

A DAY WITH

7HE COWBOYS ened sense of interest in the subject, apart even from his own personal experience, and spite of the feeling of dismay and repulsion that had oppressed him at thought of this outcome as the literal realization of his vision, he yet was filled with a desire to know more of the history of this people, whose temple of worship had been outlined in his strange dream.

For a long time he meditated upon the peculiar coincidence, trying to explain it to himself, unconsciously calling up all the arguments which Claire and he, himself, at first had arrayed against his "superstitious"interpretation of his experience.

When Claire returned she found him still pre-occupied with the momentous subject, but though she tried to draw him into a new discussion, hoping to vanquish the doubts she saw expressed in his face, he had little to say upon the question.

"It is not a matter for argument at this time,"he said.

"I shall give the theme a thorough investigation before I attempt to discuss or settle it for myself finally."Investigation!

A smile, half wonder, half ridicule, came into

Claire's face.

Her husband, Leigh Merrale, seriously proposing to '"investigate"that bundle of absurd doctrines and heresies called "Mormonism!"Really, if she were not, by his daily conduct, convinced of his sanity, she would have serious fears for his reason!

So she thought, but said nothing; having proved in previous experiments, that in the matter ot this singular delusion of the dream, argument was likely to be as the proverbial water on a duck's back.

(To be concluded.) A DAY WITH THE COWBOYS.

"While you are in New Mexico, you might as well spend a week at my ranch,"said my friend, the cattle baron.

"It will give you an opportunity to study a unique phase of

Western life at short range, and bring you in contact with a class of men whose character and vocation are probably less understood than those of any other industrial set in the United States.

You can meet the cowboy at home—eat with him, sleep with him and ride with him and you will learn to estimate him at his true value."My friend's offer coincided with a desire I had long felt to taste of the fascinating life of the range, and I gladly accepted a letter of introduction to the foreman of his New Mexican ranch.

I had read many sketches of the cowboy and his works, including a series of articles contributed to a leading magazine by a former cattle baron, now a somewhat conspicuous figure in New York politics, and these fragmentary delineations had served to whet my appetite for a closer acquaintance with the American Cossack.

Imagine me, then, some three weeks later—time, 3:00 a., m.

wrapped in slumber, and a pair ot California blankets on the hard "shakedown,"improvised for me the night before by my courteous hosts, the stalwart riders of the

I. C.

U.

ranch.

The foundation of my uneasy couch was the "bunk-room"floor; but in this respect I was as well found as my hosts, whose nasal anthems proclaimed a callous indifference to comfortable springs and mattresses of down for which every joint within me ached.

"Chuck pile,"bawled a stentorian voice in my ear, an hour later, and I awoke to find myself the sluggard of the establishment.

Every bed was vacant save mine;

so I tumbled hastily out of the warm blankets and commenced to dress.

The day was just breaking, and the air at that altitude was sufficiently cool to make

5o8 / day urni the co who vs.

my teeth chatter as I scrambled into my clothes.

As I donned the last garment, the foreman entered.

"Good morning.

How did you pass the night?"he hospitably inquired.

"Very well, for a tenderfoot.""I suppose we get up a little earlier than you are used to;

but I knew that you must be tired after your yesterday's ride, so I told the cook to get breakfast an hour later.

It's waiting for us now.""Do you mean to say you are in the habit of eating breakfast an hour before daylight?"I inquired, as he led the way to the kitchen.

"Every rider in this outfit must get up with the morning star and be in the saddle at dawn,"he replied, evidently a little surprised at my question.

"And how much a month do the men get?""Thirty dollars.""Disillusion number one,"I muttered as I took my seat at the long, pine table.

The menu was not extensive—hot "sour-dough"biscuit, delicious steak and very strong coffee—but one's appetite is always on its mettle in the hills, and the homely fare disappeared with a rapidity that would have astonished the dyspeptic habitue of a Broadway cafe.

At least a dozen sinewy riders lined the table, but conversation was at a discount, the few words spoken being mainly questions and answers relating to the day's work.

The meal over, spurs and leggings were buckled on, saddles, bridles and blankets thrown across brawnv shoulders, and we proceeded to the corral, into which the horse rustler had just driven about sixty head of horses.

These were herded into a corner, and the long, snakelike lariats began to whistle through the air as each rider "roped out"his mount tor the morning.

The skill with which some of the cowboys handle the rope is not more admirable than the dexterity displayed by some of the older horses in evading the ftying noose.

I noticed one in particular—a tall, strongly built pinto, with a quick, vicious eye.

The foreman made several throws at him, and each time the wary bronco evaded the riving noose by thrusting his head down under the stomach of the horse next to him.

Again the hempen circle whistled sharply through the air;

the aim was true, and the pinto, rearing and plunging, was dragged toward his captor.

"Say, Tom, goin'to ride Cyclone?"queried a sinewy six-footer, who sported the suggestive sobriquet of "Tex.""I'm goin'to try it,"replied the foreman, as he deftly slipped the bridle over the head of his snorting steed.

"You'd better look out, old man, or you'11 get your moccasins sunned,"quoth another with mock solicitude.

The bronco was quickly saddled, and the long lariat neatly coiled and tied at the saddle-horn.

Then the rider prepared to mount.

Taking a firm hold on the check-piece of the heavy bridle with his left hand, and grasping the saddle-horn with his right, he attempted to place his left foot in the stirrup.

This was the signal for a series of vicious lunges, rearings and striking with his feet on the part of the horse—all executed with cat-like rapidity, and accompanied.by a volley of squealing and snorting, which would have intimidated a less determined rider.

The foreman finally got his foot in the stirrup; there was a lithe, upward movement of the body, the spur on his right heel flashed swiftly through the air, and he sat securely in the saddle.

Now commenced a performance calculated to try the nerves of the most daring.

The moment the powerful brute felt his rider's weight, he threw his head far down between his forelegs, humped his back like an

A DAY WITH THE COWBOYS.

angry cat, and jumped into the air to a height of at least three feet, coming to the ground again with his feet bunched together, in much the same manner that a chamois alights on a pinnacle of rock.

In less time than I take to describe it, he "pitched"clear across the corral, each jump being accompanied by a passionate bawl of resentment at the indignity of having to carry a man.

As for the rider, such horsemanship was a revelation of what America can do in that line.

Talk not to me of Cossacks, Kurds or Turcomans, lor these rough riders of the far Southwest, are the equals in skill and daring of any under the sun.

His body lithely swaying with every plunge of the horse, my host rode with a centaur-like ease and grace only to be acquired by those who virtually live in the saddle.

At each jump his heavy quirt, wielded by an arm grown deft by long practice, descended in a shower of hissing cuts on the flanks and shoulders of the refractory steed;

which, having had his fill of such punishment, or despairing of throwing his rider, finally gave up the contest.

"Cyclone an'me have this kind of a racket every time I saddle him,"said Tom, as we trotted up the canyon.

"You see, he's what we call a 'spoilt'horse, an'he's certain to pitch every time whenever you ride him.""His antics didn't seem to disturb you very much,"I remarked admiringly.

"You sat him as easily as I could a rocking chair.""Well, it's all in practice.

A Chinaman can learn to ride if he keeps at it long enough.

I commenced to break broncos when I was about fifteen, so I ought to be able to straddle one fairly well.""It must be very hard work,"I said.

"Yes, harder than anybody not used to it would imagine.

But the worst part of it is the jarring up a fellow gets.

You will see mighty few 'punchers'over thirty-five, an'I guess riding broncos is mostly the reason."As we trotted along, he occasionally told off parties of three or four men to "drive"the "side"canyons opening into the main one up which we were riding.

"Throw all you gather onto the cutting ground, down in the flat, an'we'll brand the calves before dinner,"he directed.

The last detail having been made, the foreman and I continued our ride to the head of the canyon, which terminated in a range of steep rocky hills.

We then turned back, driving before us all the cattle we could collect on the way.

It was fine sport, this racing after the long-horned mountain steers;

and I thought I could manage to enjoy cowboy life myself, provided the weather was always fine and the horses as gentle as the one I rode.

Not a cloud flecked the heavens; the air was exhilaratingly cool and pure;

and the rythmical beat of our horses'feet on the brown sward furnished a melody thoroughly in keeping with my exuberant spirits.

When we arrived at the flat, a spacious, oblong stretch of level ground, we found the three cowboys who had first left the party, busily engaged in trying to keep together some fifty wild looking bovines.

At short intervals, two or three of the most untamable, would dash out of the bunch and make a strenuous effort to regain their native hills, only to be "headed"and driven back by the exasperated herders.

The accession of strength we brought was welcomed by musical "nickerings"from the tired horses and a shower of hearty greetings from the riders.

In the course of an hour the other men put in an appearance, each party driving a bunch of from fifty to one hundred cattle, and preparations were made to "cut."All steers ot

5™ / pay urni tip-: cow hoys.

a certain age bearing the I. C. U.

brand, were to be separated from the other cattle and held for shipment.

The "cutting out"was accomplished in this way.

The foreman rode slowly into the herd, his practiced eye quickly singled out one of the animals desired, and he quietly worked his way into its vicinity. The steer, perhaps feeling that he was the individual wanted, endeavored to force his way deeper into the herd, in much the same manner that a detected criminal tries to escape by mixing with a crowd.

But the nimble little horse, whose eyes are as observant as those of his master, anticipates his every dodge and twist, and gradually works his prey to the fringe of the herd.

This accomplished, there is a quick rush of pony and steer, a wild race of forty yards or so, and the first of the "cut"stands alone on the plain and enquires in a volley of startled bellows how he got there.

The operation is repeated until the herd is "clean."

All steers of the class required, and all cows with unbranded calves, having been separated from the rest, the main herd was left to wander off at will, and the captives driven to a large corral and "penned.""Guess we'll have time to brand them calves before we graze, boys,"said the foreman, consulting the dial of an ancient time-piece.

"Get the kinks out of your rope, Tex;

an'you, Shorty, rustle some wood an'start a fire."The fire kindled, the branding irons were thrust into it and brought to a red-heat.

Then Tex.

, rope in hand, rode slowly towards the cattle crowded together at the other end of the corral.

Singling out a calf, he followed its every motion as it tried to escape.

Suddenly it dashed past him, close to the fence.

The welltrained horse wheeled quickly and bounded in pursuit;

the pliant noose whistled through the air and settled over the luckless calf, whose forefeet were the next moment jerked from under him, and he ploughed up the dirt with his nose ignominiously.

The moment the calf was down, two cowboys seized and held it prostrate, while another applied a hot iron to its shoulder, side and flank.

There was a sizzling sound, a few frightened kicks and expostulatory bellows, and the I.

C.

U.

cattle company had added another head to its "calf tally."The branding over, the cows and their seared progeny were set at liberty, and they broke into a wild scamper for the neighboring hills.

"Stranger, let's go an'graze,"was the pastoral invitation extended to me by Tex.

at this juncture.

Riding to the "chuck"wagon, which the cook had established near a little spring, saddles and bridles were jerked off, the tired horses turned loose to roll and graze, and we were ready for dinner.

"Lay your ears back an'fly at it, pard,"said Shorty, handing me a scanty service of tinware.

"We don't have no ceremony in this outfit, but there's no place where a stranger's more welcome."I assured him that I was not at all backward about helping myself where it was the custom to do so;

and making good my assertion, I was soon taking the "wire edge"oft"my appetite with a delicious meal of beef, potatoes and the inevitable biscuit.

%.

"You'd better catch your best horses for this afternoon, boys, because we're going to ride the pinnacles,"said the foreman, when the substantial meal was ended.

"Goin'after a wild bunch?"interrogated Tex, as he rolled a cigarette Mexican fashion.

"Yes, you fellers aint done any brush-riding for about a month, an'I'm afraid you're getting fat and lazy."From the preparations made, I judged that the afternoon's work would be anything but easy.

Every

A DAY WITH THE COWBOYS.

5H man roped out his best horse from the remoda; cinches and bits were inspected and ropes carefully recoiled, and we were ready to start.

When Tex. mounted his horse—

a beautiful bay, with shoulders as powerful as those of a mountain bull we had a repetition of the morning's excitement.

He did his best to throw his rider, at whom volleys of facetious advice and warning were fired.

Such exclamations as, "Stay with him, Texas,""Claw leather, Confederacy,""Quit choking the horn of that saddle,""Spur him in the ear, why don't you?"and many more of a similar kind were hurled at him in great abundance.

He took it all in a kindly way, however, and laughed at the witticisms as heartily as the rest of us.

When the fun was over, we turned our horses'heads towards the Sortijas, a low range of brush-clad hills, about five miles south of our camp.

It was known that several bunches of wild cattle ranged in that locality, and it was the foreman's intention to round up some of them if possible.

"Some 'long-horns'get as wild as deer after running a year or two in the hills,"he explained, as we rode along.

"They range on the pinnacles (summits), and they never come down except to drink, and then only in the night time.

The consequence is, they seldom see a man, and when they do, they are off through the brush as quick as a wink.

You have to ride a mighty good horse to get a chance to read the brand on some of 'em."When we arrived at the base of the hills, the men were divided into three or four parties, and these were sent off in as many different directions.

I was invited to accompany the foreman and Tex., with which arrangement I was very well satisfied.

The ascent was of a kind to stagger an ordinary rider.

The hillsides were extremely steep and rocky;

and to add to my discomfort, we were compelled to climb through a wild tangle of huge boulders, logs and thick brush, which menaced me with a broken limb or neck at every step.

My companions minded it not a bit—though there was a merry twinkle in my companions'eyes, as they watched my timorous progress, which led me to suspect that the route had been selected for my special benefit.

"No talking,"cautioned the foreman, as we gained the crest.

"Some of these 'mossbac'steers understand

English a mile off, and we've got to stalk 'em like we would a deer."

The warning was unnecessary as far as I was concerned.

The pinones and cedars grew so thickly that my attention was occupied in dodging limbs, and preventing my eyes from being poked out or my scalp raked off in transit.

We rode along the ridge for some distance without seeing any sign of our game, and I began to think the wild cattle had moved to some other range.

To tell the truth, I hoped they had changed their location.

It was all I could do to keep the saddle when riding at a walk and I did not relish the idea of a wild race through those stubborn brakes, which would probably result in my being suspended like a second Absalom before the end of the first lap.

The brute I bestrode, too, began to manifest certain unpleasant symptoms which increased my uneasiness.

When I first mounted him, he was sedate enough to suit even me; but now he was working himself up to a pitch of excitement which manifested a callous indifference to my safety should the "long-horns"materialize.

His ears twitched nervously back and forth, an insane expression crept into his eyes, and he tossed his head and flung the foam from the heavy bit in a reckless way that made me wish I was somewhere else.

"Believe I'll ask the foreman to dispense with my assistance,"I mut-

A DAY WITH THE CO WHO VS.

tered.

"There's no fun in".

My soliloquy was suddenly interrupted by a mighty crashing of the brush ahead of us, and I caught a glimpse of half-a-dozen pairs of enormous horns, and as many variously colored bodies, crossing our path like a bunch of cyclones.

The next moment the trees and the sky reeled wildly about me;

I felt an awful shock at the base of my spinal column, and the earth reared up and struck me a stunning blow on the head.

Then I struggled to a sitting posture, and found that I was alone.

My companions had dashed in pursuit of the "wild bunch;"that vile bronco had rudely bucked me off and left for parts unknown, and I was afoot in the hills.

The chuck-wagon appeared to be the most desirable refuge in my present predicament, and I resolved to return to camp and pass the rest of the day in extracting information from the cook.

Cautiously working my way down the mountain, I gained the bottom of the canyon and struck a bee-line for the wagon.

Suddenly I heard a chorus of shouts, followed by a crackling of the brush and a clatter and rumble of stones that sounded like a small landslide.

Looking in the direction of the noise, I beheld an exhibition of daring horsemanship unequaled in my experience.

Plunging down a steep declivity came a shaggy mountain steer, and directly in his wake thundered the foreman and Tex.

Rocks, logs and gullies were passed at a reckless speed which almost made my hair stand on end with apprehension, and it seemed to me impossible that any horse could for long maintain his footing at such a pace on such a descent.

About half way down the slope, where the ground was comparatively free from brush, the steer suddenly wheeled to the right, with the evident intention of regaining the summit.

I saw my two friends preparing their lariats as they turned in pursuit, but I could not believe that any sane man would voluntarily imperil life or limb by roping an animal of that weight on ground which afforded a poor footing even for a pedestrian.

But I did not know the conscientiousness ofthe cowboy when his duty seemed to demand that he use his rope.

Spurring forward, the foreman closed on the steer and cast the noose over its horns.

The horse braced himself for the shock, the strain came, the rope parted, and the steer turned obliquely down the hillside.

Tex. was on hand, however, and his rope settled over the fugitive a moment later.

But the steer was now running downhill, which gave it a terrible advantage.

The rope tautened, and the game little horse made a desperate effort to withstand the strain, fairly squatting to the ground in his efforts to obtain a greater purchase.

The weight and impetus at the other end were too much for him, however, and he turned a clean somersault, throwing his rider into the top of a small cedar twenty feet below.

It was a "powerful fall,"as Tex.

expressed it, and I was sure horse and man were badly injured, if not killed outright.

But in ten seconds they were both on their feet, the plucky little horse bracing himself against the rope as though nothing unusual had occurred.

The steer had also pitched forward on his head when the horse fell, and he seemed to come out of the melee second best.

One of his horns was jarred loose, and the fall had evidently modified his ambition to run.

When Tex. regained his saddle, the journey to the bottom was resumed at a more seemly pace and without any further mishap.

"Are you hurt?"I enquired, when they arrived within speaking distance.

"It don't pay to count bumps an'scratches in this business,"Tex.

replied, wiping the blood from an ugly

A DAY WITH THE COWBOYS.

gash in his cheek.

"If we did, I allow the cattle companies 'ud paymighty small dividen's.

A fall like that's the medicine a feller gets for bein'fool enough to punch cows for thirty dollars a month."A hard and a dangerous life, truly, and proved by the fact that no cowboy lives to grow old in his vocation.

Many there are whose heads show premature traces of gray, the result of hardship, exposure, and an exceedingly perilous life; but men of forty are rare among them.

When the foreman learned of my mishap, he dismounted and offered me his horse.

I had had enough of the uncertain bronco for that day, however, and I told him I preferred to walk.

I reached camp just in time to sit down to an appetizing supper, during which I was the object of not a little harmless quizzing on the score of having been "bucked off."After supper came the catching of the horses to be used on night guard duty.

Whenever a cow outfit has cattle on hand which it wishes to hold, the men must take turns at guarding the herd during the night.

The relief are changed every two hours; and so accustomed do cowboys become to this duty, that most of them are in the habit of awaking at the proper moment to take their turn.

The scene about the camp-fire after supper was one long to be remembered.

The tired cowboys stretched out at full length beside the cheerful blaze, or sat with legs tucked under them a la Turk, a favorite position with them when seated on the ground.

Jest, laughter and anecdote traveled about the merry circle in quick succession, nor was it forgotten to make the stranger in their midst feel at home and as one of them.

Hospitality is a strong characteristic of cowboy nature, in which he strongly resembles his swarthy cousin, the Bedouin of the Syrian deserts.

Morally reckless, he is a bitter hater and a staunch friend;

generally faithful to the interests of his employer, he is nearly always faithless to himself—yet his door is ever open to the traveler and the needy.

The cowboy's life is not an enviable one, though many who are unacquainted with its details imagine otherwise.

Many of those who have caught a momentary glimpse of him from the window of a Pullman, are apt to gush about his romantic vocation; whereas, with him it is all hard work and no romance.

Cloudbursts, blizzards, freezing cold and pelting sleet, choking sand-storms and burning suns—all these are common incidents of his life on the range.

The minor unpleasantness of vicious horses, numerous hard falls, and the constant exactions of work which, like the proverbial woman's never is done, he esteems as too trivial to mention.

Perhaps it is well that the days ot the open range cattle business are numbered.

With the decay of that once mighty industry, will depart the cowboy—to me one of the most picturesque figures in that daring army of pioneers which led the westward march of civilization.

Millions of acres over which the horned wealth of the great cattle barons once roamed by thousands, are now transformed into fields of waving grain and meadows verdant with the transplanted grasses of the East.

Touched by the potent wand of the wizzard irrigation, the once arid mesas, not long since scorned by the agriculturist, now brings forth, plenteous harvests.

The lone ranches of the early settlers have been replaced by thriving villages, and a neat depot of stone or brick marks the site of the old overland stage station.

Where the weary emigrant once halted for days, or even weeks, to recuperate his starved and footsore cattle, the horse of iron now pauses for a moment to replenish tender or tank.

The merry laugh

WEDDING PRAYER.

of the tourist is wafted from the windows of his luxurious Pullman across those silent stretches of desolation which, a short thirty years ago, were so often the scene of tragic human suffering and despair—a few pathetic records of which still remain in the rotting headboards marking the site of lonely and forgotten graves.

"Give us a song, somebody,"pleaded the foreman, when the conversation commenced to lag.

Shorty, the vocalist of the outfit, after considerable urging—made necessary, I suppose, by the presence of a stranger—favored us with an old-fashioned ditty about a Texas maiden, who was captured by the Comanches, rescued by her cowboy lover, and incontinently wedded by the same daring personage—all in three verses and a chorus.

The song ended, blankets were spread, and the tired riders doffed hats, coats and boots, and "turned in."Ten minutes later, as I lay gazing into the starry heavens, and listening to the gentle soughing of the wind through the pines, the deep and regular breathing of my hosts proclaimed that one more day of the cowboy's hard and perilous life was over.

H. Allot Clarke.

ANSWER TO A QUESTION.

The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations are characteristically composed of young men, including boys.

In other words, (a) boys fourteen to eighteen;

(b) young men, eighteen to forty-five.

These -figures have been in use sometime.

Those below fourteen are children and are registered in the primary ASSOCIATIONS.

While there is nothing absolutely fixed, stiH, for purposes of statistics and intelligent reporting, these ages are used.

Practically, at present, our best work is perhaps done by members from about seventeen to thirty.

But the ages, fourteen to forty-five, should be used till a change is authorized, that our reports may be uniform.

Emphatically, children, or those under fourteen years, should not be entered on our rolls.

The officers of the Primarv Associations claim and report all such.

M. H. Hardy.

WEDDING PRAYER.

O Lord, do thou in heaven seal

The solemn pledge these two have made.

And may they still be blest to feel

The obligations on them laid.

O may.their constancy of heart

Be like the Master whom they serve;

Nor aught in life ill thought impart, To cause them from this bond to swerve.

Give them intelligence and light

To build their future bliss upon;

And may Thy laws, by day and night,

Unite their hearts, in Thee, as one.

And may this solemn rite inspire

The flame of pure connubial love;

And virtue prompt each pure desire

In all the scenes of life to move.

As separate streams unite in one,

And flowing deep, their channels wear,

May they in love glide smoothly on,

Still gath'ring as they onward bear.

And like each tributary stream.

Their loving offspring still increase,

Till generations countless, seem

An ocean of their loveliness.

Give him the power to guard and shield

This helpmate of his future life;

While she by softer passions yield

The solace of a virtuous wife.

And when their mortal course is run, May still this bond of love endure,

Till they, celestial honors won,

Live with the loving and the pure.

TO A COMET.

Thou luminous stranger, mysterious visitant, With thee I ask an audience, a brief confer

Concerning thee,thy origin, thy present mission,

Yea, and thy final destiny.

That my queries are pert, and aggressively inclined,

Thou may'st truthfully infer, But, when such as thee Doth suddenly appear to mortal gaze,

It doth marvel and wonderment create

To those not vers'd in lore celestial

And as thou mov'st with grand sublimity,

Thro'the star bespangled heavens

In silent majesty, kissing the regal orb of day, In all his refulgent splendors,

And e'en sweeping o'er fair Luna's face

Seeming at times almost her rival

Then with velocity astounding Doth leap from star to star, And sport among the constellations grand

At times perch'd high on Orion's silver belt,

And then again with graceful sweep,

Doth e'en the Pleaides a shade cast o'er.

Ar't bound to scale the height stupendous?

And perch thyself upon the crest of that bright arch That doth the heavens o'erspan,

Yea, e'en the Milky Way?

Or dost intend to speed along Thro'that mighty vastness And kiss the rings of Saturn's flaming orb?

And while he smiles at thy approach erratic,

Gazing at thee in silent wonderment,thou'rt off

And anon the denizens of the far-off Neptune

Are bewildered at thy approach.

Yet on thou speedest, Unmindful of their raptured gaze.

Millions of miles are span'd by thee

And constellation after constellation leap'd.

Clusters of worlds, and myriads of asteroids

Alike are passed with all their dazzling grandeur

And beauty infinite.

Say, ar't nearing that unlimitable shore,

Where light, in its swift transit, Would million cycles take to travel?

Hast thou a power in and of thyself,

Inherent with thy first existence,

From which thy self propulsion springs;

.

An orbital oscillation, by which thou dost descend

And upward glide?

That thou hast metes and bounds

Is not clearly demonstrated, And yet thy terminal ecliptic Doth telescopic scrutiny evade,

And battle instruments most powerful.

And e'en those skilled in stellar lore,

Gaze at thy shrouded mystery With wonderment astounding.

By what tremendous force art thou projected Thro'th'vast labyrinths of gorgeous galaxies?

By what impetus incomprehensible

Dost glide upon eternity's floor?

Whose distance is stupendous immensity,

Baffling the calcus of an angel,

Or seraph's logarithms That thou dost move thro'the vast beyond

Is plain, yea, e'en to mortal eye,

Whose narrow limits scarce doth describe the arc Which spans the space above this tiny ball,

On which we crawling millions dwell?

I fain would trace thee in thy errand vast,

O'er hills and plains of constellations bright,

Where suns on suns revolve with rays resplendent,

Lighting up (so to speak) The corners of immensity, Beyond which sport the starry worlds

In gorgeous splendor;

Thick as the snowflakes in mid-winter storm.

Each in its time and ardor, a destiny fulfilling

And these in numbers so immense

That man, in life's brief span

Would fail to enumerate.

And should I follow thee with lightning speed For years innumerable, I'd be but on the very verge Of one vast multitude of suns;

Each resplendent with their Planets, stars and moons.

And these, aye, all Are but one faint spark In God's vast auditorium.

C. L. W

s>"EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, June, i!

THE FORM OF BAPTISM.

Some of our young men who have recently been upon missions have taken the liberty, either through misinformation, or otherwise, to change the form of baptism in administering the ordinance to candidates.

Some years ago there were certain forms published in some of our Church papers which were a little different to that provided in the Doctrine and Covenants, and this doubtless is one cause of the variation in the form as provided by the Lord in His revelations.

This subject has recently been considered by the general authorities of the Church with the result that instructions are given to the Elders to strictly follow that which is given in the Doctrine and Covenants, adding nothing thereto and taking nothing therefrom.

Should occasion ever arise in the Temple or in other places for any change it will be duly authorized of the Lord through His mouthpiece here upon the earth;

otherwise, there is to be absolutely no variation from that which is written.

In confirming members in the Church, the Elder should also be very particular to seal upon the convert the

Holy Ghost, and the Lord will distribute to the members of the

Church such gifts as are most suited to them in their condition.

It is the privilege of all, however, to have the

Holy Ghost, which is to be a constant source of strength and light to them so long as they are faithful in keeping their covenants.

We make note of these things, as many of the young men of the M.

I. A. are now being sent upon missions, and while it is not the desire of the Lord or His servants to confine the Elders within rigid bounds in the performance of their duties, there are, nevertheless, certain ordinances and forms which must be strictly observed for the sake of order and righteousness.

HAPPINESS.

The sunshine of a happy disposition is not to be lost sight of in any consideration of the laws of health.

A determination to make the best of everything, and to be pleasant under any circumstances is one of the most desirable of possessions, either inherited or acquired.

The joy of an unselfish character has been sung by poets and praised by philosophers, but its physical advantages have too seldom been dwelt upon.

And yet the physician is brought into almost daily contact with "maladies of the nerves,"in which he is fully conscious that pure selfishness on the part of the patient himself, or on the part of some member of his family, is alone responsible for the physical disorder.

It is often easy to make a diagnosis in case of this kind, but difficult to prescribe the remedy.

A healthful interest in people and things would often provide a model remedy, but it is not easy to procure.

It lies within the power of every one to be a mental healer;

the position requires no special training.

And every such person is the physician's ally.

He sees everything through the colored glasses of an unselfish and hopeful contentment.

The person who is contented and happy digests his food with greater ease; he exercises with more buoyancy; he does better work.

He may become ill and require a physician, but his chances for recovery are better because of his previous good health and his present hopefulness.

The benefit derived from a "change of scene"is universally admitted.

The noveltv of the new surroundings excites a pleasure which drives one's thoughts from self.

Here the connection between happi-

GLEANINGS.

ness and healthfulness is obvious.

It is not always easy to be patient and to push cheerfully to its close an uncongenial task;

but it is the only wholesome and healthful method of working and living.

A constant giving way to anger, or to any other of the passions, is distinctly detri"mental to the physical health, and not infrequently hastens death.

The habit of being happy is invaluable to its possessor.

If not always a passport to perfect health, it is a valuable help toward it.

GLEANINGS.

REVERENCING HIS MOTHER.

A Chinaman, be he king or coolie, is devoted to his father and mother.

When either parent dies, custom ordains that the sons shall resign all honors and employments to repair to the ancestral tomb, and mourn there for a long period.

Mr.

John Russell Young relates how the Chinese premier, Li Hung

Chang was prevented from punctiliously observing the custom by an imperial decree.

The aged mother of the great Chinese statesman died, and he hurried to celebrate the rites at her grave, accompanied by his brother, the viceroy at Wuchang.

Everyone was expecting the premier's resignation and his enforced retirement from all official positions.

His enemies thought that Li had gone, finally; his place would be filled by another, and his power become a memory.

Suddenly there came a decree from the throne, commanding Li to lay aside mourning, and at the end of three months resume office.

His brother was permitted to remain at the tomb and do the filial reverence.

The decree was without precedent;

but the emperor was sacred, and his command supreme.

Li Hung Chang returned to Tien-Tsin, his home.

When Mr.

Young saw the premier's vacht anchored in the harbor of Chee Foo, he went on board to pay his respects.

The premier looked like a starving beggar.

He wore the coarsest raiment.

His beard and forehead had not been shaved, and his queue hung down from a clotted mass of hair.

Lines of sorrow streaked his face, and his hands were grimy.

The first man in the empire, noted for his carefulness in raiment and cleanliness of person, appeared as the meanest subject, that he might, by privation and penance, do reverence to his mother's memory, according to the creed of his ancestors.

A few days later, when Mr.

Young met Li at Tien-Tsin, the beggar's mien had vanished, and he was again the well-appointed nobleman.

A FARM WITHOUT A WEED.

London Tid Bits, in reply to the question:

"Where was a farm so well kept that in a hundred-acre field a single weed could not be found,"says:

"At Tiptree, where Alderman Mechi, one of the bestknown experimental farmers in the United Kingdom, carried out his system of cultivation so successfully, that he succeeded in raising larger and finer crops of various descriptions than any other man from the same area of land.

His farm was considered one of the most complete examples of first-class culture and management; weeds were unknown either in fields, roadsides or hedges, and, in particular, his largest field of one hundred acres, was noted on this special point.

Mr.

Rawlence, of Bulbridge, in Wiltshire, who has just died, conducted a party of friends, in his eighty-fifth year, round his farm last July, and, pointing to a field covering one hundred acres,

5i8 GLEANINGS.

challenged anyone to go amongst the crop and find a single weed.

This farm has been tilled by Mr.

Rawlence for over forty years, and is noted in Wiltshire for its 'clean tilth,'or absence from weeds."

EDISON S ADVENTURE.

The authors of "The Life and Inventions of Edison'tell a good story of the manner in which their hero once saved the life of a child at the risk of his own.

He was then the newsboy of a train running between Port Huron and Detroit.

The station agent at Mt. Clemens had a boy a year and a half old, with whom Edison—"Al,"as he was called was fond of playing during the halfhour or more that the train stopped at that station.

One summer forenoon, while the train was being taken apart and made up anew, a car was uncoupled and sent down the track with no brakeman to control it.

Edison, who had been looking at the fowls in the poultry-yard, turned just in time to see little Jimmie on the main track, throwing pebbles over his head, utterly unconscious of danger.

Al dropped his papers upon the platform, seized the child in his arms, and threw himself off the track, face downward in sharp, fresh gravel ballast, without a second to spare.

As it was, the wheel of the car struck the heel of his boot.

"I was in the ticket-office,"says the child's father, "and hearing a shriek, ran out in time to see the train hands bringing the two boys to the platform."Having no other way of showing his gratitude, the agent said:

"Al, if you will stop off here four days in the week, and keep Jimmie out of harm's way until the mixed train returns from Detroit, I will teach you telegraphing.""Will you?"said Edison.

"I will."He extended his hand and said, "it's a bargain,"and so Edison became a telegrapher.

HE CUT THE ROPE.

A book by M. Rouvet, which recently appeared in Paris, narrates an incident in the life of the famous architect, Viollet-le-Duc, which occurred in July, 1870, when he was in Switzerland.

He was one day on the Schwarzenberg glacier, at a height of about 9000 feet, accompanied by Baptiste, the guide, who marched in front.

The two men were attached to each other by a rope, as it is usual in Alpine mountaineering.

The guide had passed over a crevasse, but when M. Violletle-Duc attempted to cross it he failed and fell into the abyss.

The guide tried to pull him out, but instead he found himself gradually descending.

The architect perceived that his companion, if he persisted in the attempt to save him, would surely share his fate, and he asked if Baptiste had a family.

"A wife and children,"was the answer.

"Then,"said Violletle-Duc, quietly, "I shall cut the rope."He did so, and fell, but a block of ice thirty feet lower down stopped his descent.

When Baptiste saw this, and that for a time the danger was lessened, he went in search of help and returned with four stout peasants.

Three hours afterwards Viollet-le-Duc was extricated.

In spite of his perilous position the ruling passion was strong with the artist, for although he was covered with icicles from the dripping water he had contrived to make drawings of the novel effects he was able to perceive.

In this book on the Alps he mentions his fall as if it were a fortunate accident.

TASMANIAN CONVICT AND SECRET.

HIS A story is told of a convict who, in going about his daily work in Tasmania, discovered an antidote for snake bite, so efficacious in its re-

GLEANINGS.

suits that he would allow snakes to bite him all over the body, and, applying the remedy, suffer no inconvenience.

The people in the townships were naturally anxious to discover what the antidote was made of, but its discoverer relused to reveal the secret unless a free pardon and a certain sum of money were granted him by the government.

This was refused, and the convict accordingly kept his secret, though asserting that the antidote was "'something which they trod upon every day."I have, in fact, heard that the way he discovered it was as follows:

He came one day on a snake fighting an iguana.

The iguana, when bitten, went and ate a certain root, and then renewed the combat; and it was this root which the convict found possessed such remarkable healing properties.

However, be this as it may, the discoverer was one night induced to go to the old hotel, a great drinking resort in those days;

and when his companions had made him completely drunk, they took the bottle containing the antidote, which he had with him, and then persuaded him te let himself be bitten by a snake, as he had often done before.

When, however, he wished to apply the antidote, they refused to give it to him unless he revealed the secret;

but this he refused to do, and consequently died of the effects of the poison.

TRUE GREATNESS.

The real difference between the elevation of an inanimate object and that of a man is that the force which raises the one must come from without, and that which raises the other must come from within.

It is an external impetus from the hand of the boy that sends the ball high up in the air;

it is the strength of the wind that whirls the leaf aloft;

it is the action of gases that lifts the balloon out of our sight, and the power of steam that heaves the granite from its rocky bed.

In a certain way man, too, may be lifted by external pressure.

Wealth may be poured in upon him by some turn of Fortune's wheel, and his condition changed from poverty to ease and comfort.

Society now opens doors to him that were closed before, and he is welcomed into circles which he had never expected to enter.

But is he thus really elevated? Like the balloon, his position in the world is altered, but, also like the balloon, he is himself the same that he was before.

THE CHARACTER.

It is a common mistake to judge of character wholly by the emotions, desires, and affections.

They form a large part of it certainly.

He who loves the good and hates the evil, who wishes to do right, whose intentions are pure and whose impulses are excellent, is, of course, a very different and a far more estimable person than one whose inclinations lead him in an opposite direction.

Yet we cannot afford to omit in our estimate that strength of purpose which carries out the desires and converts unformed hopes and wishes into actions and realities.

Some persons are so constituted that this process follows on instinctively.

No sooner is a purpose made than the means to fulfill it are chosen, adopted and set to work.

Conscious of a need, they begin at once to supply it.

If they espouse a principle, they live up to it;

if they favor a reform they help to promote it;

if they are indignant at some injustice, they set about preventing it.

Others, satisfied with a good intention, postpone its fulfillment indefinitely;

they think the work is almost done when they have decided to do it;

whereas, this idea is the very hindrance which often prevents it from being done at all.

AN OLD MAN S ADVICE.

"I CAN mind once,"says an aged man, "when I was a little boy help-

5'20 A TONE OF VOICE.

ing mother to store away apples, I put my arms around ever so many of them, and tried to bring them all.

I managed for a step or two.

Then out fell one, and another, and two or three more, till they were all rolling over the floor.

Mother laughed.

"'Now, Daniel,'she said, 'I'm going to teach you a lesson.'"So she put my little hands tight around one apple.

"'There,'she said, 'bring that and then fetch another.

"I've often thought about it when I've seen folks who might be doing ever so much good if they didn't try to do too much at once.

Don't go trying to put your arms around a year!

And don't go troubling about next week.

"If you take an old man's advice, friends, you will be sure to be happy all the time."WORK AND WORRY.

It is a well-understood fact that it is not work that kills, but worry;

and from this text some most sensible and profitable hygienic discourses have been preached during recent years.

The conclusion of the whole matter is this:

Brain-work is conducive to health and longevity, while brain-worry causes disease and shortens life.

The truth of this statement and its application to what we see around Us are evident enough yet it is well that such subjects should be continually discussed.

A life of intellectual labor, although severe, like that performed by the judges of our highest courts, or by scholars and persons devoted to literary pursuits, if unmixed with excitement and followed with regularity, is not only a happy life, but is seen also to promote bodily health and long life.

On the other hand, mental cares, attended with suppressed emotions, and occupations which, from their nature are subject to great vicissitudes of fortune and constant anxiety, break down the lives of the strongest.

A TONE OF VOICE.

It is not so much what you say,

As the manner in which you say it;

It isnot so much the language you use,

As the tones in which you convey it.

"Come here!"I sharply said, And the baby cowered and wept;

"Come here!"I cooed,and he looked and smiled,

And straight to my lap he crept.

The words may be mild and fair,

And the tones may pierce like a dart;

The words may be soft as a summer air,

And the tones may break the heart.

For words but come from the mind,

And grow by study and art;

But the tones leap forth from the inner self

And reveal the state of the heart.

Whether you know it or not, Whether you mean or care, Gentleness, kindness, love, and hate,

Envy and anger are there.

Then would you quarrels avoid And in peace and love rejoice,

Keep anger not only out of your words,

But keep it out of your voice.

Youth's Companion.

n t INSTITUTE.

DR. G. W. SHOR£S, Chief Consulting Physician.

DR. N. D. ESTES, Ass't Consulting Physician

Office in the Harmon Block, No. 34 East

Second South St., Salt Lake City.

Treat and Cure Catarrh and all Chronic, Nervous and Private Diseases of Both Sexes.

SPECIALTIES:

Eye, ear, nose, throat, lungs, stomach, bowels, heart, liver, kidneys, bladder, rheumatism, St. Vitus dance, fits, skin diseases, blood disease, and all diseases of women and children.

Surgical Department:

Tumors, club foot, hair lip, stiff joints, rupture, and all deformities.

We cure PILES by our new painless method.

No cutting, no detention from business.

Send stamp for Dr.G.W. Shores'Guide to Health, and new symptom list free.

No charge for consultation.

DAKISL HARRINGTON, Constitution"Building, Opposite Z.

C. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT HOME INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Macbeth lamp-chimneys are perfect, besides being made of tough glass.

But you want the one thai is made for your lamp.

Let us send you the Index free.

Geo A Macbeth Co Pittsburgh Pa NOW READY The Fourth Edition of the M.

I.

A. MANUAL, Part 1, Is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid CENT®.

Also twelve lessons for this year's work of M.

I.

A. MANUAL, Part 2, Price per copy, postpaid, 15 CENTS.

FOR SALE BY The Contributor Co.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, P. O. BOX 520, AND BY OTHER BOOK DEALERS.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency and officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

BARLOW FERGrUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRICHTS, etc.

^O'information and free Handbook write to

M^» & CO., 361 Broadway, Nrw York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

fcvery patent taken out tight before tne public by a notice given free of charge in the

Mmtifti Jltitmau Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly <«i no a year; $1.50 six months.

Address, MUNN & CO Publishers, 3«i Broadway, New York City.

YOU SHOULB SUBSCRIBE FOR THE CONTRIBUTOR

POWDER

Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tartar baking powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest United States Government Food Report.

ROYAL BAKING POWDER Co., New York

WORLD'S PICTORIAL LINE.

lln'wn I $a§lfl§ SYSTEM.

The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

rpHE ONLY LINE Operating Dining I Cars and Through Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis

Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark r-.

njrn r tt\T OliverW.Mlnk U.

Ji. BUKLtiY, E.ElleryAnderson i Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

Fred'k K. Coudertl John W. Doane e. DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Receivers.

Gen'l Mgr.

G.F1-T.A.

se%ac%3oca^ FOR Books, Stationery, Toys, Day and Sunday School and Office SEND TO mH.GAMHOH OGDEN.