Advertise?* in The Contributor.

fern XI.

'CX,o o f—

CO "BS,OO UJm o,0 o CO CO exo OS en s=- Z3 Every Y.]W.|H.I A. should have a set of Bound Contributor i

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER, 1896.

PAG"The "Fram."(Illustrated) Nephi Anderson.

Science vs. Faith Lewis Stewart.

Chased by a Flood 7<>2 Spoiling a Bombshell 7°5 Some Literature of the Indians

Crotalies.

Leaves from a Canvasser's Note Book

M. A W.

A Romance in Ice W A. Morton. 712 John Stevens'Courtship. A Tale ot the Buchanan War. XIII

Homespun.

Through Sunny Seas, (frustrated) G o. E. Carpenter.

The Sandwich Islands Country and Mission.

XI Marvin E. Pack.

My Mother Essie Layhew.

Editorial: Marriage and D.vorce 74° College Department Established 18/3, % Capital, $200,000.

surplus, $200,000. * WILFORD WOODRUFF, Pbbbidmht.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashikr, Oldest and Largest Sarv.r tnffs Bank In Utah, with Deposit* greater tnau all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prtit.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice- Prttt.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T..G.

Webber, H.

B. Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, George M. Cannon, L. John Nuttall, We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any information yon desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO.,

MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.

RICHARD A. MCCURDY, PRESIDENT.

HAS PAID TO -MEMBERS OVER $400,000,000.00.

HAS ON HAND OVER $220,000,000.00.

. Writes Policies suited to the needs of persons in all circumstances.

For rates or information address or spply to

WILLIAM M. DOLLIVER, Dis. Manager for Utah, 55, 56, 57 COMMERCIAL BLOCK, SALT LAKE CITY

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor1712eng

Vol.

XVII.

OCTOBER, 1896.

No.

12.

THE "FRAM."The doctrines of the Latter-day Saints are penetrating into the remotest regions of the globe.

It was leftfor Dr. Nansen'sship "Fram"to carry them up into the Arctic regions farther than man had yet trod.

Whether the word in such high latitude took root and grew to any extent, is, of course, very uncertain.

Let me explain: About three miles from the city of Laurvik, Norway, is situated the ship-yards oi the boat builder Colliro Archer.

One bright morning in November, 1892, the writer walked from the city along the winding waters of the Fjord to see the boat which Mr. Archer was building for the Arctic explorer, Dr.

FridjofNansen.

Dr. Nansen wanted a ship in which to sail to the North Pole, and the ship-builder had undertaken to furnish him one.

Together they had planned and drawn.

Five different drawings had been made for the hull and three models of the ship had been constructed before they were satisfied.

All the builder's craft together with Arctic travelers'knowledge of Arctic needs had been brought to bear on the building of this ship.

If it were possible that vessel of human construction could pierce the icy barriers of the North, it was hoped that this one wou'd do it.

Now that the "Fram"has returned from her long trip safe and sound the hope of her builders has not been in vain.

According to reports, the vessel exceeded the most expectant.

The prey of the fierce Arctic ice for three winters she was put to the test; yet she comes out of it all and sails back to her native land, bearing home again every one of the twelve men who entrusted their lives to her keeping.

The ship had been launched some days before and was now lying at the wharf.

I went on board.

The workmen were busy trimming mast timbers and putting the finishing touches to the cabin.

As I went "nosing"about in every corner of the ship, asking questions and showing interest in everything, one of the workmen asked:

"Are you one of Nansen's crew?

Are you going with him?""O, no,"said I, "Norway is far enough north for me."But I thought even if I could not accompany the expedition, I might at least, send with the party mv best wishes and the message I had carried to Noway.

I therefore got out about a dozen of my cards; on one side of which was printed the Articles of Faith and on the other plenty of bible references, and distributed them in various parts of the ship, sticking them into clocks and hiding them in all sorts of out-of-theway places where they would not likely be disturbed by the workmen, but might be discovered by the crew when they were up in the Arctic, fast in the ice and the six month's darkness;

or perhaps if a land of flowers were found up there, a pirate crew from the lost Ten

THE "FRAM."Tribes would board the vessel, and, searching for treasure would find the cards which would be translated and etc., etc!

I have yet to hear from the fruits of my labors in that direction.

But for the description.

The "Fram"is certainly the only ship of its kind.

It is built entirely of wood.

It is as small as possible consistent with its errand.

A small ship can be made stronger than a large one, besides, it is more easily handled in the ice.

The "Fram"is therefore just large enough to carry twelve men, with provisions to last for five years, besides the necessary sledges, dogs, etc.

The ship is feet long, 36 feet wide and 18 feet deep.

The hull is pointed at both ends, and in that respect looks like a large pilot boat.

The bottom is flat so that in case it should be forced or "screwed"up on the ice it would stand upright.

The rigging is much like a threemasted schooner.

It is supplied with an engine of 167 horse-power with which it can make six knots an hour.

The rudder is very low, to be out of reach of the ice.

Both the rudder and propeller can be raised up into the ship through an opening or "well."The ship's keel is 14x14 inches, and made of American elm.

The ribs are of Italian oak, foot ih inches apart.

The openings between are filled with a mixture of gum, tar and sawdust.

The inside covering is of pitch pine, 4x8.

The outside covering consists of three layers.

The first, nearest the timbers, is made of three-inch oak plank;

the second is of four- inch oak, and the outside or ice-guard, is of greenheart, a timber from Guiana.

It is so hard and slick that, although unplained, the planks furnished siding places for Laurvick's small boys.

Thus whole layers could be torn away from the ship's side without seriously injuring the vessel.

These immense walls are yet braced on the inside by such a number of props, that the whole looks like a spider's web.

The masts seem large for such a small ship, the main- mast being feet high.

There are twelve layers of various kinds in the deck.

The floor of the living room contains a layer of cork filling one foot deep.

The salon is amid-ships.

One of the most difficult things which

Nansen had experienced on former Arctic voyages was to shut out the damp.

He says that in one ship the mattresses became masses of ice.

To secure dryness as well as warmth, was therefore aimed at.

The walls of the living quarters are very thick, consisting of many layers of timber, interlined with oilcloth, cork and reindeer hair.

If all these failed to secure the desired warmth, the men could move into the salon where, with plenty of coal for the stove and oil for the lamps, they could live comfortably.

Nansen took with him a dynamo with which to make electric light, the wind to furnish the power.

He reports that it worked well.

The question of provisions has always been an important one in Arctic travel.

Scurvy has been the plague of them all, from lack of fresh meat and vegetables.

Nansen took with him a great quantity of canned goods, especially vegetables.

A Norwegian firm experimented a year or two before with the canning of potatoes, etc., for the explorer's benefit.

About 60 tons of provisions were taken, enough to last them five years.

The "Fram"had supplies left for two years when she returned.

She had 320 tons of coal, much of which was used in reaching the ice.

The ship was well supplied with articles used in Arctic travel, such as sledges, snow shoes, and Esquamo dogs, though of the latter, they failed to secure the desired number.

Two strongly built life

SCIENCE

VS. FAITH.

boats were taken along, which would be used in case the "Fram"had been crushed in the ice.

A detailed account of the expedition will be awaited with interest.

The gist of what is known was given in last month's Contributor.

Nephi Anderson.

The next time you have a troubleand feel that you must tell it, write it down.

Then when your trouble has blown over you can burn it. You can't, if you tell it to a friend.

Many of our cares are but a morbid way of looking at our privileges.

SCIENCE VS. FAITH.

Sweet faces from the past I see.

The lights of by-gone years, And darkness flies when loving eyes

Beam bright through unshed tears.

A gentle mother comes, once more

She whispers softly clear, In accents mild to me her child

The words of hope and cheer.

Again I live the dear old days, When bravely I'd foretell Of labors done and honors won;

In fortune's lap she'd dwell.

When I should be a man, tor her, I'd conquer every ill;

And mother, dear, need never fear

To trust that childish wili.

But death, with cruel hand and stern,

Breaks strands of strongest tie:

In th'grave we laid the plans we made,

While darkly loomed the sky.

A father, honest, brave and strong

I see in mem'ry's light.

His heart was truth.

How blest the youth Wtiose guide leads up to Right!

When I was far away from home, With weary step and slow He went to rest; now cold the breast

That loved us long ago.

Now comes a sister, fair and sweet,

And a brother, in the throng;

But time and tide and seas divide,

Yet still love's ties are strong.

The chums that went with us to school

Come trooping round my chair;

Like fleeting ghostb, they come in hosts;

Their laughter fills the air.

Is this a vain delusive dream These phantoms of the brain Is mortal life a weary strife And phantasy the gain?

Sweet Love a fleeting dream, and false?

Dear Friendship but a name?

Each shining link in darkness sink,

Like- candle's flickering flame?

As clear and bright awhile it burns, So dim and spluttering then;

Now darkening fast, its brightness past,

No more to come again.

Are all the poet's songs and lays, Their dreamy, soothing spells,

But tinkling chimes, and fl iwing rhymes, Mere echoes of dream bells?

Or is the world of sod and sense

Poor mortal's aim and end?

Is appetite his sole delight?

Foul satiety his friend?

Science, bring thy books and charts,

The scalpel and the lens;

The secret germ of life discern;

Write truth with golden pens.

Have you bright hope for fainting heart?

Or strength for stumbling feet?

For heaving sigh and breaking tie

A solace pure and swtet?

The steadfast hope that Christ inspired

Does more for human kind.

The gifted Seer, with vision clear,

Sees God, the veil behind.

Then speak with no uncertain voice, In tones both loud and clear, Or humbly yield the tourney field

And childlike Faith revere.

These shadows of the past,"so dear,

Will light the present gloom;

With loving kiss we'll share their bliss

On rising from the tomb.

LewisStewart.

CHASED BY A FLOOD.

One of a party of surveyors sent out by the Southern Pacific Railway Company tells the tale of a thrilling experience which befell him in the southeastern part of California. They were passing through a desert of burning sand beneath a torrid sun.

The effect of the vast shadeless wilderness on the nerves and eyesight of travelers has often been told.

These men were obliged to wear blue glass spectacles to protect their sight.

Two Indian guides directed their course, so that they might not wander from the only route which could lead where an occasional fresh water spring would supply their needs.

These springs were, however, few and far between.

The outfit of the party consisted of eight burros, a dozen canteens, and a supply of green sun umbrellas.

They presently reached a mountain-circled plain, where under foot there was no longer sand, but a vast unbroken expanse of purest salt.

It was undoubtedly the bed of some inland sea of a former era.

A deathlike stillness prevailed over all.

"What a splendid road bed!"said some of the surveyors, as thev came in sight of the white and glittering plain.

"Not much trouble in constructing a railway here."In digging away the salt, however, which in places was found to be fully three feet in thickness, they discovered, underneath, a treacherous quagmire of heavy black mud, the depth of which their set-oft poles could not fathom.

It was, consequently out of the question to think of running lines over this hidden bog;

but a natural curiosity to know just how far down this mud extended prompted them to make further investigations.

"I, therefore, set out in the early morning,"he says, "across the salt bed, with two men and an Indian guide, mounted on burros, for the mountains about six miles to the south.

My purpose was to secure a longer pole from a small clump of trees, which, by the aid of field glasses, we saw close against the base of the range.

"We picked our way carefully over the crust, which in some places was only a few inches thick, and which would tremble and give under our burrors'teet.

"Almost overcome by the blistering heat and blinding glare of the desert, we reached the mountains at last.

The trees seen through our glasses proved to be cottonwoods.

Setting my men to work to cut and dress a stout sapling, I tied my burro and wandered off up a narrow canyon.

"Although the sun was blazing from the zenith through a cloudless sky, the air in the canyon seemed cool and refreshing after our trip on the open desert.

I very soon stumbled across what the prospectors term a piece of "float"—mineralbearing quartz detached from its parent ledge or vein, and washed away by the action of water.

"The specimen I had discovered clearly showed traces ot gold, and so engrossed did I become in my search for the main lead that three hours slipped away quite unnoted.

Then all at once rumblings of distant thunder startled me from my work.

"I hurried back to where I had tied the burro.

The men, however, were gone.

Faint, moving specks far off on the salt showed that they were already nearing camp.

"Along the eastern horizon a dark cloud sent forth flashes of lightning and mutterings of thunder, but the sky above showed no sign of rain, and as I leisurely climbed into the saddle and headed for the tents.

I felt no fear of an approaching storm.

"But only a few moments had elapsed when I observed that the sky was beginning to take on a grayish tinge, A smoke, through which the blood-red disk of the sun glared hot and angry, rapidly spread

CHASED BY A FLOOD.

itself over the heavens, and grew denser and darker every minute.

The air became stifling with a still sultrier heat.

"Fitful puffs of wind whirled the loose sand in little eddies over the salt.

"Soon dark clouds began to shape themselves out of the thickening vapor, heaving and rolling like angry billows across the sky, and as the lightning flashed among them, seemed bound together by twisted chains of gold.

"I tried to increase the speed of my beast by applying a stout stick of mesquite wood vigorously to 'his sides and flanks, but the burro's habit of traveling no faster than a slow walk when carrying a load was too well established to be mended by any drubbing.

''As the separate clouds, now black as night, fused and mingled, the heavens above and even the mountains and foothills became totally hidden.

A great drop of water would occasionally spatter upon the salt, or strike my clothes with an ominous thump;

the heavens were soon ablaze with long streamers of lightning; and the thunder, rumbling low at first, as if the sound came from a distance, now clanged and bellowed overhead with fearful violence.

"At last the rain, coming in blinding torrents, shut out from sight all objects more than ten rods away.

I raised my heavy sunshade to use as an umbrella, but it was almost immediately torn to tatters.

I felt like one drowning, and had to gasp for breath.

"The water streamed from my clothes as if I had been ducked in a river.

The burro, with closed eyes and dropping ears, hung his head and came to a dead stop, a picture of dejection.

"Fearing that we should wander from our course if we proceeded in the storm, I concluded that it was better to remain where we were until the storm ceased, for I believed that the storm would abate as suddenly as it had begun.

''We had remained in this situation probably a quarter of an hour when the first realization of the awful peril in which I stood swept over me, and my heart turned sick with fear.

Would the rain not dissolve the thin layer of salt and plunge me into the quagmire below?

"Already, in imagination, I fancied

I could hear the crust breaking under the burro's sharp hoofs, I imagined myself sinking down, down, down,—twenty, fifty, perhaps a hundred feet,—to be smothered and choked in the dark and filthy ooze.

''The earth would literally open and swallow us up!

No sign would be left, as the salt again formed above us, to mark the spot where I had perished, or to tell my comrades the story of my death.

"Nerved with horror, I sought by means of my mesquite stick to instil into the mind of the burro some measure of my own terror, but without avail.

His fearful plunges under my severe beating only served to increase the danger of his breaking through the crust.

"Suddenly the rain ceased.

The clouds lifted, and I saw that only half of my trip across the salt had been accomplished.

It was fully three miles to the sand on the north, and as far to the mountains behind us.

''I felt that I must trust to my own legs to carry me over the fast-dissolviug salt; but the resolution to dismount and run for my life had hardly been formed when the burro, with a loud snort, tossed his head into the air, and with ears bent forward and nostrils dilated, gazed fixedly toward camp.

I could feel the frightened animal tremble like an aspen beneath me.

"What did he see?

Was there some new danger threatening us?

Listening intently, I heard a sound

CHASED liY A FLOOD like the surf of the sea beating upon a rocky shore.

"I strained my eyes in the direction in which the burro was gazing.

Could I believe my sight?

Yes the desert was heaving and swelling like the billow:; of the ocean!

"Then I beheld through the veil of mist the crest of a mighty wave, dark and muddy, curl and fall and rise again.

Over the sage brush and rolling sands, almost to the edge of the salt-bed, it came thundering down on us like an avalanche.

"'Cloudburst!'I breathlessly whispered, but sat fascinated at the awful spectacle.

"But now the brave little animal that I had abused so cruelly but a moment before, wheeled, and with craning neck and quivering flanks, skimmed over the salt.

On, on he flew, racing for life, with the water spattering in showers from his swiftfalling feet.

"Three miles lay between us and the mountans, our goal; three miles behind thundered the avalanche of waters.

The danger of breaking through the dissolving salt, which had seemed so imminent, was now forgotten in the excitement of the race.

"The first mile was covered without the flood appearing to gain upon us; but now the desert behind seemed a perfect sea.

"As far as the eye could reach, wave after wave rose and fell.

The advance wall of water was bearing down upon us with fearful rapidity, for the level floor of the lake-bed offered less resistance to the progress of the flood than the brushcovered sands beyond.

"Two-thirds of the race was run, and the muddy wave roared in our rear not a mile away.

Hope beat high within me as I looked ahead;

but this fearful pace could not be kept up much longer.

Already the burro began to show signs of distress.

His breath came in hoarse gasps as he lunged ahead.

'"Bravo!

little fellow;

we'll win yet!'I exclaimed as I stroked his foam- flecked shoulder and looked behind to weigh the chance for life.

Could he hold out?

The water was gaining every moment.

The mountain towered above us now, but I dared not look behind, so close was the pitiless wave.

"At last, with the blood dripping from his nostrils and his breath coming in great sobs, the sturdy little animal gathered his fast ebbing strength to spring up the mountain side.

I felt that the race was won we were saved—and a great cry of joy escaped me.

But while the cry was yet on my lips, the sharp hoof of the burro crashed through the treacherous salt and sank into the mire below.

Ae he fell I was thrown headlong into the air.

As I struggled to regain my feet, the towering wave with an exultant roar seethed around me.

My face was cruelly ground against the salt, and I was churned and tossed about for a moment in the turbulent waters.

Then came a shock, and consciousness left me.

I awoke to find myself lying in a cramped and painful position beneath a great boulder.

Feeling utterly dazed, I regained my feet and looked about me.

The sun had set behind the lofty peak that towered above my head.

I found I stood on the mountain side, perhapsten feet above the water which covered the salt bed to a depth of one or two feet.

Dead lizards were thick upon the rocks.

One, a foot in length, clung to my clothes in a half dying condition.

Here and there a rattle-snake lay dead upon the ground.

I could understand how the first great wave had borne me, in an unconscious condition, upon the rocks, where fortunatelv I had lodged, while the water spreading over the desert receded and left me in safety.

The burro, however, lay where he

SPOILING A BOMBSHELL.

had fallen, sunk deep in the mud and covered with the water.

Thanking God for my miraculous escape, I set out around the newlyformed lake for the camp, which I reached soon after midnight.

I there learned that the Indian guides had warned the party of the danger of "much water,"in time for all to reach the higher ground to the north before the cloudburst came.

SPOILING A BOMBSHELL.

When Tom Black was in his fourteenth year, he was at school in a small village in the South of England, and was as happy a boy as any fellow ought to expect to be;

and yet on his birthday, when he was really fourteen he ran away to sea.

No one could possibly imagine why he did this, and indeed, Tom himself could give no good reason for his conduct.

He had had half a holiday on his birthday, and he went down to the seaport town'of M——

, a short trip from the school, to spend a few hours and see the ships.

There he fell in with a recruiting officer, who wanted some boys for a man-of-war in the harbor, and Tom was so much pleased with the stories he told of life at sea, that he went into a stationer's store, bought some paper and wrote two notes, one to his family at home and the other to the master of the school, informing them that he had a most admirable opportunity of going to sea and learning to be a naval officer.

Such a chance might not occur again, and he had made up his mind to enter the navy, it would not be wise to let the opportunity pass.

He would lose nothing by leaving school now, for navigation, mathematics and everything that was necessary for naval officer to know, were taught on the ship.

Then he mailed the letters and went on board.

When Tom's father and master received these notes, it is probable that they would have taken measures to get Tom off that ship in very short order, had it not been for the fact that the vessel sailed early next morning after Tom made his appearance on her deck, and she was far out at sea before Mr.

Black and Dr. Powers had read their letters.

So there was nothing to be done at home, but to hope that things would eventually turn out for the best; and indeed, this was what Tom himself had to do, for he soon found that his position on the vessel was very different from what he supposed it would be.

Instead of being taught how to sail the ship, he was taught how to coil a rope, and to help wash the decks.

He was a ship's boy not a midshipman.

When poor Tom found out this lamentable fact, he made up his mind that he would run away the first time the vessel touched a port;

but when she did reach a port he changed his mind and concluded to stay on board.

By a little observation he found out that it would be a difficult and dangerous thing for him to try to run away, and, besides, he had no money to take him home.

Tom wrote home whenever he had a chance, and he had some long letters from his family, which were forwarded to him with the other letters for the ship.

But after six months, he got a short letter, which told him that, as his friends had become convinced that he was really very much attached to a life on the sea, and his officers had reported well of him, they had obtained for him an appointment of midshipman.

In a year after Tom's appointment war broke out with Spain, and the Hector was ordered to the Span-

SPOILING A BOMBSHELL.

ish coast.

After cruising about for a month or two, she was joined with two other British vessels in an attack on a fortress on the shore of the Mediterranean sea, which was at the time beseiged by a land force.

Early in the morning the three vessels opened fire on the fort, which soon replied in a vigorous fashion, sending bombshells and cannon balls all around them, and sometimes knocking off a spar or crashing through some timbers.

There were lively times on the Hector's deck, and Tom found out what it was to be in a hot fight on board of a ship.

But the boy was not frightened.

That was not his nature.

He rushed around, carrying orders and attending to his duties, very much as if he was engaged in a rousing good game of cricket.

While he was thus employed plump on board came a bombshell and fell almost at the foot of the mainmast.

The fuse in it was smoking and fizzing.

In an instant more it would explode and tear everything around it to atoms!

Several men were at a gun near by, but they did not see the bomb.

Their lives were almost as good as gone.

The captain stood just back of the gun.

He saw the smoking bomb and sprang back.

Before he had time to even shout "Look out!"along came Tom.

The young midshipman was almost on the bomb before he saw it.

It never took Tom long to make up his mind.

We have seen that.

His second thoughts always came up a long way after the first ones.

He gave one glance at the smoking fuse; he knew that it was just about to explode, and that it would kill everybody round about it, and he picked it up and hurled it into the sea.

When the captain saw Tom stoop and grasp that hot, heavy bomb in his two hands—when he saw him raise it up, with the fuse spluttering and fizzing close to his ear, where if it had exploded, it would have blown his head into pieces no bigger than a pea—and then dash it over the ship's side, so that the fuse was of course, extinguished the instant it touched the water, he was so astonished he could not speaic.

He made one step, a warning cry was on his lips, but before he could say a word it was all over.

When. Tom turned and was about to hurry away on the errand that had been so strangely interrupted, the captain took him by the arm.

"My good fellow,"said he—and althoug he had seen much service and had been in many a fight, the captain could not help his voice shaking a little—"my good fellow, do you know what you have done?""Yes, sir,"said Tom, with a smile.

"I have spoiled a bombshell.""And every man in this part of the ship owes you his life,"added the captain.

If you should ever meet Captain Tom Black, of Her Majesty's ship Stinger, you might ask him about this incident and he would probably tell you thet he has heard about it a good deal himself, and that he believes, from what happened afterward, that the affair of the boomshell was a very good thing for him, but that it was all over so quickly that he had really forgotten almost all about it.

-Selected.

"Very much of the wrong-doing of the world arises from ignorance and thoughtlessness.

Temptations are strong, desires are ardent, inclinations are imperious, and the weak and undisciplined judgement is easily led to concede that there is no great harm in yielding.

Gradually this yielding comes to be a habit, and the charachter is formed, or rather, wrecked, by self-indulgence where it might have been saved, elevated and strengthened by more knowledge and a wiser training.

SOME LITERATURE OF THE INDIANS.

The popular verdict is that the American Indians are capable of no elevated or poetic thought;

the only good Indian is said to be a dead one.

But this is wrong and unjust.

The red-men have, to be sure, many woeful defects;

but they also have many excellencies.

The defects have been greatly over-stretched, and improper conclusions as to the whole native nature drawn; on the other hand, the excellencies have been over-looked or depreciated.

In times past, when certain commendable things were reported as coming from beneath the rough exterior of a red man's cranium, the story was disbelieved.

Public opinion still remains the same in this regard;

but the more fair-minded, who have taken the trouble to investigate the American mind and the productions thereof express themselves differently.

Investigation has revealed in the Lamanites many noble characteristic?, and souls susceptible to the grand and poetic.

These remarks apply largely to ail Indian tribes, but especially to the more advanced ones who inhabited Mexico, Yucatan, and Central America at the time of the discovery, and to whom we shall pay special attention.

It is the writer's object briefly to discuss some of their literary productions.

Of late several scholars have been diligently collecting and studying these.

This work is, however, as yet in only an incipient stage "and the harvest is great, but the laborers few."The Indians in their representative types are a natural race of historians and writers—a thing very clear to believers in the Book of Mormon.

Even when writing was unknown among a tribe, except in a rude form of pictography, certain men were appointed to keep account of all important events.

When information of a historical nature was desired, these men were called upon.

When old they would inculcate the mental record—often assisted by various devices—into the minds of men selected to be their successors.

The more advanced peoples, however, had a method of writing approaching true phonetic systems in perfection.

The writings consisted mainly of exhaustive historical and religious records, civil codes, astonomical and medicinal matter, poems, songs, and prophetical chants of the priests.

The Mayas, whose historical works we shall quote from as representative, did their writing in books shaped not unlike modern ones.

The material of these books was a fibous vegetable product, which was pressed into large sheets and covered with a varnish that not only effectually prevented the ravages of insects and rendered the article very durable, but also gave an excellent, smooth surface.

The writing was done in different colored inks.

Great libraries existed in all the principal villages at the time of the conquest; but the Spanish priests in their fanatical efforts to christianize and better (?) the people destroyed all of these they could, together with all other things recalling the native religious practices.

How effectually and scrupulously they did this is testified to by the very few that have been found after most diligent searches by the learned men who have directed their attention to this subject.

The oppressed people looked upon the loss of their books as a most dreadful calamity.

Thev immediately set to work, wrote clown again what they could remember, and made copies of the volumes they had managed to conceal.

After a time, the Spaniards succeeded in crushing out the native system of writing, supplying in its place the Latin alphabet, with the addition of a few invented characters rendered necessary on account of sounds peculiar to the language.

The same things

7o8 SOME LITERATURE OE THE INDIANS.

occurred in Mexico and elsewhere.

With a few exceptions all the records of this people we now have are written in this alphabet, and it is the one still in use among the people under consideration (Mayas).

For a clear understanding of the selections we are about to give, it will be well first to say a few things as to Mayan reckoning.

Each year (/mad) was supposed to begin on the transit of the sun by the zenith, and was reckoned from July sixteenth.

In each year were eigteen months (u) of twenty days (ki?i) each.

The days were divided into groups of five each, the first days in the groups being

Kan, Muluc, Ox, and Cauac.

This made only three hundred and sixty days in a year.

The five remaining days were called extra days.

It is plain, then, that only Kan, Muluc, Ox, and Cauac could begin a year, and were therefore called "year bearers."Accordingly years were named a "year Kan,"a "year

Muluc,"etc.

Thirteen days were in a week, so that twenty-eight weeks made just three hundred and sixty-four days.

Thirteen years must pass to make up an extra full week.

This period was called a katun of davs.

Besides the katun of days there was a katun of twenty years.

A great katun was made up of thirteen ordinary katuns of years, or two hundred and sixty years.

It will be seen that instead of saying first, second third, etc., ahau (i.

e. ahau katun) the order is twelfth, tenth, eighth, and so to two, then thirteenth, eleventh, ninth, and so down.

The following dre quotations from the "Book of Chilam Balam of Mani,"a history of the village Mani, and will suffice to show the general method of historical record keeping.

In some respects this method is strikingly like that used in certain parts of the Book of Mormon.

SERIES OF THE KATUNS.

"i.

This is the arrangement of katuns since the departure was made from the land, and the house Nonoul (where were the four Tutulxin),from

Zuiva at the west;

they came from the land, Tulapan, after having formed a league.

2.

Four katuns had passed in which they were journeying here with Holon Chantepeuh and his followers.

When they set out for this country it was the eighth ahau.

The sixth ahau, the fourth ahau, and the second ahau passed in all four score years and one, for it was the first year of the thirteenth ahau when they arrived here in this country;

thus, in all four score years and one had passed away since they departed from the land and came her?, to the province of Chacnouitan.

%.

%.

ii.

The sixth ahau, the fourth ahau, and second ahau, the thirteenth ahau and the eleventh ahau passed away, then the land of the fortress of Mayapan was invaded by the men of Itza and their ruler Ulmil, on account of the seizure of the castle by the joint government in the city of Mayapan; four score years and three had passed away, and the eleventh ahau had entered when Mayapan was depopulated by these foreigners from the mountains.

12.

In the eighth ahau Mayapan was depopulated, then the sixth ahau, the fourth ahau, and the second ahau passed away; during this year the Spaniards first came to this land, the province of Yucatan, sixty years after the fortress was depopulated."%.

sjs sjs ^e ^C JjS 14.

The eleventh ahau was not ended when the Spaniards, mighty men, arrived from the East;

they came and arrived here in this land;

during the ninth ahau Christianity began; babtism* took place;

also in *The native word used here for babtism is caputzihil.

Even at the time of the Spaniards'arrival it was very old, being unknown to any except the priests.

It is interesting to us from the fact that it means literally "to be born again"(ca—twice; zihil—to he born).

SOME LITERATURE OF THE INDIANS.

this katun came the first bishop, Toroba by name,"etc.

The Nahuatls, Mayas, and kindred tribes, took, and those remaining do to this day, a sad and melancholy view of lite;

they saw nothing but sorrow and impending evil: the majority of supernatural beings believed in were wicked ones; and their poems and songs, in consequence had a sad and often pathetic tenor.

The priests shared these feelings with the rest of the people; and the prophecies which they chanted almost invariably told of some calamity to come. We shall introduce two of these prophecies.

They are translated literally.

RECITAL OF THE PRIEST CHILAM.

"Eat, eat, while ye have bread,

Drink, drink, while ye have water;

For on a certain day dust possesses the earth;

On that day, a blight is on the face of the earth;

On that day, a cloud rises, On that day, a mountain rises,

On that dav, a strong man seizes the land, On that day, things fall to ruin,

On that day, the tender leaf is destroyed,

On that dav, tha dying eyes are closed,

On that day, three signs are on the tree,

On that day, three generations hang there.

On that day, the battle flag is raised, And they are scattered afar in the forest."

WORD OF THE LORD PECH THE PRIEST.

"At that time it will be well to know the tidings Of the Lord, the ruler of the world.

After four katuns shall have passed;

Then will occur the bringing of the truth,

At that time one who is a god by name Shall I deliver to you as a lord.

Be your eyes on the road for your guest, men of Itza, When the lord of the earth shall come.

Thus speaks the first lord, Pech, the priest,

At the time of the fourth katun."

No other American tongue has left so many literary monuments as the Nahuatl; and among the most elevated and study-worthy oi these and all others of American literature are the songs and poems.

It is a regretable fact that so very few have studied in this promising direction;the study until recently has been almost entirely superficial, and translations have been "turned"literally, usually not making good sense, without any attempt at doing justice to the poet.

The poems were written in a metrical form peculiar to the language, and in an archaic dialect—possibly much as English-speaking poets use obsolete terms and expressions, and probably with the same effect.

In regard to the poems Clavigero says, "they are pure, pleasant, brilliant, figurative, and replete with allusions to the more pleasing objects in nature, as flowers, trees, brooks and birds, etc.

We give below a few of the poems that have been rendered into English verse.

Everyone will perceive in them the elements of true poetry.

First is a song from the Kioway tribe, and then several Nahuatl selections.

KIOWAY LOVE SONG.

"I sat and wept on the hill-side.

I wept till the darkness fell, I wept for a maiden afar off, A maiden who loves me well.

"The moons are passing, and some moon,

I shall see my home long lost;

And of all the greetings that meet me,

My maidens will gladden me most.''

The poem given below is excellent in thought.

As with most Nahuatl poems, it is highly figurative.

The flowers spoken of are the "flowers of poesy,"and the poet sets forth the idea, as does Wordsworth, that they can be found only by contemplating nature.

The sequence, is natural.* Where can I gather some pretty, sweet floweis, Some flowers all sparkling with dew?

Oh, humming-bird tell me, and bright buttufly,

Do they grow in the cool laurel bowers?

Ah yes! there they bloom in grandest perfection, And their scented breaths waft to the sky.

* The poem is condensed to about one-half in the rendition given above, many details being omitted.

7io LEAVES FROM A CANVASSER'S NOTE BOOK.

So I ramble forth in the dim-lighted forest, And list'to the birds thrilling song,

While the crystal brook answers, now moaning, now laughing, As it glimmers and dances along;

And the butterfly guides to a valley most lovely,

Where honey-dewed flowers sweet are blooming.

And the blossoms in rainbow-like glory strewn

Their soft voices lift up to me, "Pick which thou wil'st and make happy thy compeers.

Who are waiting in patience for thee.',

Then I spread out my cloak and gather them gently, And the tender hewds dampen with tears;

For I know that all nature, at present so happy,

Soon will within and crumble away.

Oh is there, Creator, no valley as lovely,

Wheie flowers bloom for ever, and birds sing lur aye?

Ah yes! when I leave this world, dreary and loney, Hence I'll be guided and there shall

I dwell.

NAHUATL LOVE SONG.

"Do you know that mountain side

Where they gather roses?

There I strolled one eventide, In the garden closes.

Soon I met a lovely maid, Fairer than all fancies, Quick she gathered in my heart

With her buds and pansies;

But take heed, my little May, In reaping and in sowing, Once with thee I'll ever stay.

And go where thou art going.''

Crotalies.

LEAVES FROM A CANVASSER'S NOTE BOOK.

One of the most interestingof studies is Human Nr.ture;

and no one hasbetteropportunities for studying human nature than a canvasser.

In going from house to house a person sees as many different natures and dispositions as he does faces;

indeed, we have come to the conclusion that no two persons possess the same disposition or temperament.

It is necessary, perhaps, that there should be a diversity of natures, just as it is necessary that there should be a variety of trees, flowers, birds and beasts.

The world would not be half so lovely if all the trees and flowers were alike, if all the birds were of one class, and all sang the same song.

But we believe, at the same time, that the world would be much better if there were less thorns and more myrtle trees in it;

if there were fewer sparrows and more canaries.

And so with the human family;

the world would be all the better if there were not so many cold, icy, uncharitable dispositions in it.

In my travels I have met some people whose faces didn't seem to have worn a smile for years—in fact, I question if they knew how to smile.

I verily believe it would hurt them to speak kindly to anyone except the members of their own immediate family.

In a two hours'canvass this morning I met three such "ladies"—

I have put those "ladies"inside quotation marks, because

I believe they are entitled to the extra comas.

As soon as the first door opened, I realized that I had suddenly struck an "iceberg,"bound up in a piece of calico and yellow ribbons.

Before I had time to explain my errand, she quickly told me she did not want anything I had got.

I told her that I simply wanted to leave a sample of my goods for her inspection;

but no, she didn't want any, and, with a bang that sounded of very bad breeding, she slammed the door in my face.

The next house I called at the Lady—I have spelled her name with a capita] L, for she is worthy—was the embodiment of politeness.

She greeted me with a pleasant "Good morning,"listened patiently to my little story, told me she would take pleasure in examining my work, but

LEAVES FROM A CANVASSER'S NOTE BOOK.

that she could not hold out any promise that she would purchase.

But even if she should not purchase, she had given me kind words, and there is a world of wealth in a few kind words and a pleasant smile.

The distance between these two houses was only a few yards;

but the difference in the atmosphere of the two homes was as great as that between the frozen shores of Lapland and the tropical region of California.

Plants are known by their leaves and flowers, birds are distinguished by their feathers, and a person's face gen rally tells what kind of heart beats within his breast.

On one occasion Thomas Jefferson was riding on horseback, accompanied by two young men, from Monticello to Charlottsville.

They found Moore's Creek so swollen by a sudden shower that the water was up the saddle girths.

A man with a saddle on his shoulders, was standing upon the bank.

He looked at the young men as they rode through the stream, and said nothing;

but turning to Mr. Jefferson, he asked permission to mount the croup behind him to be carried across.

The President reined his horse up to a stone and carried the man across.

The countryman then dismounted, and trudged along the dusty road.

Soon a party in the rear, who had witnessed the operation, came up.

One inquired, "What made you let the young men pass, and ask the old gentlemen to caary you over the creek?"The backwoods-man replied, "Wal, if you want to know, I'll tell you.

I reckon a man carries 'yes'or 'no'in his face.

The young chaps'faces said 'no'; the old un's 'yes.'""It isn't every one,"the other replied, "that would have asked the President ot the United States for a ride behind him.""What,"said the man, "you don't say that was Tom

Jefferson, do you?"Then, pausing a moment he added, "Wal, he's a fine old fellow, anyway."That is gospel truth: a person carries "yes"or "no"in his face; and if there were more faces with "yes"written upon them, there would be more "fine old fellows"in the world.

Traveling in a railway carriage a short time since, I made the acquaintance of a lady from Salt Lake City.

In the course of our conversation the lady asked me what firm I was representing, and when I told her she said, "Wy, my husband is an employe of the same house."I asked his name, but when she told me, I could not recognize the gentlemen.

"You know that gentlemen with the pleasant-looking face,"said the lady, emphasizing the last three words.

That was enough.

I knew the gentleman at once—the gentleman with the pleasant looking face."He was the only employe out of a hundred in the firm whose face always wore a smile, and as the train reached the station and I bade the lady good by, I said to myself, "Would that every woman could describe her husband as 'the gentleman with the pleasant looking face.'"When I was an apprentice I remember one evening an old man—

a tramp—came into the office in search of employment. He walked up to the desk, and politely touching his hat asked the foreman if he required any assistance.

"No, I need no assistance,"snapped the foreman, crossly.

"Well, sir,"said the old man, as he turned to leave, "you might give me what wouldn't cost you anything—civility."I have remembered those words ever since, and I have tried to make it a rule of my life, if I cannot give a person anything besides, to always treat him with civility.

M. A.

W.

Life is but a short day; but it is a working day.

Activity may lead to evil;

but inactivity cannot lead to good.

A ROMANCE

IN ICE.

Most of my readers are perfectly well acquainted with the geographical situation of the White Lake;

but very few of them know anything of the secret which that little body of water has kept in its heart for years.

You would like to hear the secret.

Well, you shall.

It was in the fall of 1890 that I became imbued with a strong desire to come to Salt Lake City to attend the

University—not because of any great advantage I expected to derive from a course of collegiate training, but because Laura Spencer was going, and where Laura was there I wanted to be also.

I think Mr.

Gardner, my father, must have half suspected my motive, for he was rather slow about giving his consent, and the two hundred dollars I had estimated as necessary to carry me through a college year.

My father was in the act of hitching up the team to carry me to the depot when Laura and her brother came driving up.

"No need to trouble, Mr. Gardner,"said young Spencer;

"Tom can ride with us.""I'm afraid you haven't got room,"returned my father, a trifle dryly, for I don't think Laura, at that time, was his choice for a daughter-in-law.

"Plenty of room,"said Laura.

''Tom can have my seat, and I can sit upon his knee."So, with Laura perched upon my knee, we started for the station, seven miles distant.

We reached Salt Lake about noon, and after luncheon we went in search of quarters.

Laura found accommodation at the house of a friend, and I was fortunate enough in securing apartments in the same street.

That night we took in "Friends"at the Theatre, and walked home under the silvery stars as happy as two younj; doves.

I had been about three months at the University, had made many warm friends among the students, and was progressing lairly well.

There was but one student out of the five hundred in attendance whom

I could not love and respect.

I am sorry that I was not the only person who disliked him.

He was the son of aristocratic parents, had been pampered and spoiled during childhood, and, if ever taught the fact, had evidently forgotten it, that all men are created equal.

He rode to school upon an expensive bicycle, and when he got there tried to boss not only the juniors, but the seniors and professors as well.

I was upon the verge of giving him a sound thrashing several times for his insinuating remarks, especially when he found me in the company of ladies.

He would dub me "Mr.

Hayseed,"and "Mr. Carrots,"and in divers other ways tried to provoke me to anger;

but I restrained my feelings and treated his insinuations with the deadly weapon of silent contempt.

Notwithstanding all his meanness, young Seymour was greatly admired by the fair sex, for whom he always reserved his sweetest smiles. Strange, is it not, how sensible girls will often get infatuated with a small foot and a diamond pin Yet. so far as I could see, these were all the recommendations that Seymour had to any young lady's attention.

Things went smoothly enough until Laura began to exchange smiles and hall-hour chats with this one hundred pounds of impudence.

I couldn't stand that.

"Laura,"I said one evening, as we descended the steps of the University together, "if vou have got any respect for my feelings, you will cease associating with that young puppy Seymour.

I know as well as I know that I live that he is seeking your company for the sole purpose of making me jealous.

You know how he has treated me of late;

be-

A ROMANCE IN ICE.

sides, he is a Gentile, and certainly not a gentleman."But Laura did not receive this kind rebuke in the same spirit in which it was administered.

She flushed angrily, and with a haughty toss of her head she replied:

"I cannot understand why you should entertain such feelings against

Mr. Seymour.

I think he is a very nice gentleman;

at least, he has always acted the part of a gentleman toward me, and treated me better than some young men who make louder pretentions.

Besides, I am not the only young lady with whom he associates;

there are others who receive equal share of his attentions and I know of no reason why you should feel hurt or jealous more than their young men.

Just because you have taken a dislike to Mr. Seymour, and wont speak to him, I must sew up my mouth and do likewise.

Not much, indeed.""No, Laura,"I said calmly, "I have no desire to see you undergo such a painful operation.

But were a young lady to treat you with half the disrespect that Seymour has flung at me, I would shun the ground she trod upon."We had reached the gate by this time, and without saying a word Laura left me and went into the house.

I went home with a heavy heart and a terrible swelling in my throat, which prevented me eating a hearty dinner that evening.

When the meal was over I sought my room, in hopes of finding surcease of sorrow in my books.

But I might as well have tried to stem the tide with a pitchfork as to study that evening;

in fact, the only thing I could successfully do was cry, and I cried that night to perfection, Reader, don't laugh, please.

If you had been in my place, and loved Laura Spencer with the same deep and holy affection as I did you would have cried too, you couldn't have helped it.

At school next day I "flunked,"and when second recess came, t begged to be excused, and went home.

I sought relief again in tears, and when I looked in the glass I found that my eyes matched my tie exactly—blue tie with red edges.

That evening Joe Casey called to see me.

You know Joe Casey Poor fellow he died on a mission four years ago.

I could see that something was troubling Joe, but I was afraid to ask him what it was.

"Tom,"he said, "I want you to take a run over to the White Lake with me this evening.

There is splendid skating there just now, and an hour's exercise will do you good."Joe would take no refusal, so pulling on my overcoat and gloves, I took ray skates from the wall and followed Joe out.

His horse and buggy stood at the gate, and we both got in and headed westward.

The night, apart from being cold, was beautiful.

Luna was at her "full,"and the stars, it seemed to me, shone brighter than ever, in hopes of cheering my drooping spirits.

We reached the lake, and after tying the horse to a tree, Joe and I adjusted our skates, and slipped on to the lake.

A crowd of merry young people were gliding to and fro.

Everyone seemed to be happy but me.

I slid along the ice at a careless gait, Joe following close behind me.

Then we got separated, and for the next half hour I was alone, wrapped in solemn meditation.

Oh, if Laura were only here, I thought, how happy I would be.

Just at that moment I heard a familiar voice beside me, and looking round, who should I see but Laura, flying along like a butterfly, her hand locked in—Seymour's.

"Oh heavens!"I groaned, "did Casey bring me here tonight to have me mocked.

I could stay there no longer;

I must go home.

I came out for an hour's pleasure, and I was

JOHN STEVENS'COURTS////:

returning a thousand times more broken-hearted.

But where was Casey?

I had not seen him since shortly after we put on our skates.

Well, I would leave faim, and take the car home.

As I was making my way to the shore a frightful scream rang out across the lake, and the next moment the people were flocking toward the southwest corner.

I hurried x>ver in time to see a lady's head disappear below the ice.

Casey was tearing off his coat as I ran forward.

"Save her, Tom,"he shouted, * 'it is Laura."I dashed madly across the cracking ice, and the next moment I was in the water beside her and holding my darling in my arms.

Casey threw me his coat sleeve, which I took hold of, and by this means I brought Laura to a firm footing.

I carried her to Casey's buggy, and drove home for dear life.

I left Laura in kind hands, and hurried home to change my own clothing.

Casey made me take a warm bath and go to bed, and when I was comfortably rolled in blankets, Joe brought me a large tumbler full of something which smelled very strongly like punch.

My, the dreams I had that night, and all about Laura 1 dreamed that we were married, and living in a lovely little brick cottage of our own, and the first time any of my readers are down in S let them inquire for Tom Gardner, and they will see a realization of my dreams that night.

W. A. Morton.

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A TALE OF THE BUCHANAN WAR.

XIII.

The death of Ellen Tyler cast a heavy gloom over the whole community, and the terrible circumstances surrounding it gave an added cause of enmity between the people and the army.

The funeral was held in the ward school house, and nearly every one in the city came to hear the services over the dead girl.

The people assembled in their usual quiet and undemonstrative fashion on such occasions, and long before ten o'clock, the time set for services, the house was full to overflowing.

The windows were raised and temporary benches arranged outside, so that as many as possible could hear the sermons.

The simple cortege made its way down the street, and as they entered the hall, no one wondered to see John Stevens assist the mother of the girl as she leaned heavily on his arm.

Aunt Clara's face was very pale, but her eyes were lifted and clear and everybody felt calm and quieted who glanced at her saintlike, controlled face.

Uiantha was among the chief mourners, and she too was tearless, if not so calm as Aunt Clara.

The whole awful story had swept from mouth to mouth, and some of the men who sat watching the sad procession felt the hot blood of passion and revenge pour from heart to temple, and there were few present who would not have gladly taken up the ghastly burden of swift revenge in behalf of the dead girl's absent father.

The coffin was laid upon the table just below the pulpit, and its plain, mountain wood was unrelieved by ornament or trimming.

Inside, the girl lay, peaceful and silent, her sweet face just touched by the creamy, heavy petals of the sego liUes which her small hands clasped.

Those lilies, so like her own life, beautiful and white, yet at the heart

JOHN STE YENS'CO UR TSHIP.

just touched with the shadows of sin and weakness.

President Brigham Young passed in, as the mourners were seated and the congregation waited with anxious longing to hear his words upon this unhappy occasion.

After a brief hymn, the President arose, and with slow, impressive sentences, he pictured the sheltered life of such girls as the one before him.

He touched upon the affectionate nature of woman, and told the elders of Israel, that to them in part was due the blame of such awful scenes as this.

There was plenty of love, plenty of safe sheltered retreats for all good women in the hearts and homes of the men of Zion.

Women should have ample scope to select their partners from, and if they showed a preference for a good man, he should consider it his bounden duty to try to respond to that affection.

He spoke in strong, powerful terms of the wickedness of men who cared nothing for the virtue of womankind, and who respected nothing on earth nor in heaven.

His words stirred the already excited hearts to a fiery pitch of hate and revenge.

But, as il he saw the unnecessary anger, he said in quiet tones:

"It is useless to try and keep our girls and boys from running after sin, if they have not the integrity to stand, they will fall.

Now, this young girl has had good teachings, good examples and she has been surrounded by love and kindness.

But she loved the admiration of men, and she has herself sought and found her sin and its punishment.

Each of us have to stand or fall for ourselves, and while we all are responsible in a measure for the words we speak and the example we set, yet each must answer for himself or herself at the bar of God.

At his words so solemnly spoken, Diantha felt her very heart stand still.

"Will this fair daughter of Zion never receive salvation,"asked the speaker, "Will she not come up in the morning of the first resurrection?

Yes,, she certainly will.

She is the daughter of righteous parents who havh earned a right to the blessings of the priesthood, and she will come up in her time and place.

But she will have to learn her full lesson.

She has in a measure paid the penalty of her crime, but she cannot be as she would have been but for this sin.

She will be saved in the Celestial Kingdom, but she will be as a servant to those who are more worthy of glory.

There are sins which can be forgiven and wiped away, but the loss of virtue, either in a man or a woman carries its punishment clear into the eternities.

God has mercifully permitted this poor girl to atone as far it is possible in mortality for her sin.

I do not want this mother to grieve too much for her daughter, for she is far better off than she could possibly be upon earth now; and her last words were words of repentance and affection for her parents. Some of these weak spirits are still very choice and loveable, and we love them and mourn deeply if they fall into error or are snatched away by death.

But God loves them just as well as we do, and

He will do all things for the best.

Only let the parents of this girl so conduct themselves that she will receive the benefit of their lives of purity and holiness, and all their tears of grief upon this occasion will be turned into joy.

Be thankful, dear sister, that your daughter did not add the greater crime ofapostacy and turn away from the truth and curse Christ and His kingdom.

She has not committed the unpardonable sin, and there is hope for her in the mercies of God.

Diantha felt all the weight of this terrible lesson pressing upon her own sad heart, and it nearly crushed her with the double burden of grief.

She wondered how she could ever for one moment have looked lightly upon her past actions and words, wherein

7 16 JOHN STEVENS'COURTS////'.

she had said and thought it no wrong to turn away from the Gospel and marry out of the pales of its authority.

She asked herself bitterly whether part of Ellen's guilt did not lie at her own door, for had she not flirted a little with this same soldier and had she not said many foolish things and thought many vain, silly thoughts.

She felt how inadequate were the theories of the world regarding love and its proper place in our lives and she saw how the reading of silly novels rendered her conception of love fevered and romantic.

She saw while sitting near the dead body of her friend with its pitiful lesson that love—that is, the romantic, unreasoning passion which is so often called love in novels and theaters—was nothing but a base counterfeit.

She felt that if love ruled the world, it must be the love of God and that love which is founded on respect and built in unselfishness. She could see that a base, vile passion which has for its only object the gratification of bodily love was a thing to fear and shun.

She herself had filled the cold, lifeless hands with the sego lillies on this occasion, thus to hide the story told by the bandaged throat; but she saw how useless in eternity would be the least attempt to hide away the sins and shame of mankind.

"Oh, that I could tear away the lillies and the clothes, and to show to every girl in Zion the awful consequences of disobedience and passion,"she thought as the strong vivid woros of President Young showed her the darkness of the abyss into which her own eyes had for one moment looked with fascinated gaze.

"Oh, that I could set this poor, desecrated body before every young woman in Israel, and let it preach its own heart-rending sermon.

And I too, am I not saved as by fire?

Oh my gracious Father, forgive me and let a life time of repentance and faithfulness prove to Thee how humble and how weak I am!

"So prayed the girl as the benediction was being pronounced by the Elder in charge.

The courts endeavored to clear away the mystery and bring the murderers to justice, but so strong was the military force, and so much in sympathy with them were most of the territorial officials, that notwithstanding

Governor Cummings'efforts, the whole case dragged its slow length along, until the following year, when the army was suddenly recalled, and the hearings were indefinitely postponed.

Diantha Willis was always a reserved and a proud young woman.

In her youth she had prided herself in the remotest recesses of her own heart upon her exclusiveness, and while never uncivil or haughty to even the most ignorant, she had still been cold, undemonstrative, and concerned only with life as it effected Diantha Willis.

Ellen Tyler's death changed her nature, or rather, it taught her to conform her life more to the standard of Christ, and less to the promptings of a selfish heart.

She loved deeply when she did love, and

Ellen had been her best loved friend from early childhood.

"Have you noticed what a change there is Dian, the last year,"said Rachael Willis one day in the late spring of 1861, to Aunt Clara as the two sat visiting in Aunt Clara's cosy kitchen.

"How changed?"asked Aunt Clara.

"Oh, she's so much softer and she is really making herself the friend of every poor girl in the ward.

Why I told her brother the other day that Diantha looked like another girl, even, she is so changed.

She wants to do so much for me, and she is so good to the children, and you know that is so unlike her.

She never showed me much friendship, even if I was her sister-in-law, for I think she thought herself a little better and smarter than me.

But

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

she is mighty good to me now, and I love her a thousand times better for it, although I always loved her and was proud of her.

"I don't find Diantha is changed,"answered Aunt Clara's gentle voice.

"Don't you think that it is only that some of her latent powers and gifts are beginning to be developed?""Oh, Aunt Clara, you are always thinking the best of everybody.

You never can see much fault in anybody.""Maybe I see the fault, but I see so much of the virtue mixed up with them that it quite obscures the small defect.

I often think the latent possibilities, if once they are waked up in any soul, will lead us on to the eternai Perfection.

It is only that some natures are never waked up but they go on and on, asleep to their inner souls, and only the body is awake and alive.

"Well, I can't hardly see what you mean, but I have proven that God will help even the weakest of us to improve and get strong, if we will continually seek Him for help and light.

Of course, any one as strong as Di will naturally be mighty good or pretty mean.""Well, to me Diantha has always been one of the sweetest, strongest, and purest of girls.

She is impulsive, but she has such admirable control of herself, people call it common-sense, that she rarely does anything silly or even unwise.

And whoever saw her mean or small?

She has had and still has faults, but they are like her own self, never small or spiteful.

She will make a grand woman, and a noble wife and mother.""I don't know about the wife and mother.

She is twenty-two now, and she has refused at least a dozen good, true men.

I think she is going to be an old maid.""Not she.

She is waiting for a man as great, as noble, and as pureminded as herself.

A great many men, as well as a great many women, are virtuous in action, because they fear society or God's punishment.

But Dian is pure clean through in every thought and every act.

Nothing low or vile could so much as reach her outer personality.

Why should she not demand that same exalted purity in her husband?""Oh, well, I guess she will go through the woods and pick up with a crooked stick at last, as mother used to tell us girls.

Lots of our finest girls marry inferior men, good enough, but inferior to themselves.

I often wonder what they do it for?"''God has some life lesson for them to learn.

What you say is true oftentimes, but I am not going to have it so of our Dian.

The voice of the Spirit has manifested to me many times that she will have a man as great and gifted as herself.""Say, talking of Dian's beau, they say John Stevens will be in tonight from his last winter's job of watching and following clear out of the country the miserable army which has done so much harm and so little good.

He has been away nearly all the time since Ellen's death.

I thought at one time he liked our Dian, but I guess it was Ellen.

He has taken her death very much to heart.""John can love more than once, if he finds the right kind of woman.

He has a soul as big as all eternity.

But he grieves as deeply as he loves."Aunt Clara was not surprised late that alternoon to see John step under her doorway, his tall head reaching nearly to her doorpost.

"I knew you would come to see me first thing, John, and I am glad you did.

It does me so much good to see you."John sat down, his eyes somewhat weary with long nights of watching, his limbs worn with much rough riding and tramping.

"And I knew you would have some fried cakes and milk for me when I did come, Aunt Clara.

I

7i8 /<9//A STEVENS'CObRTSHJP.

wonder if I came for fried cakes?'and he laughed in his low, soft undertone, as he held up one of the nutty-brown, crisp cakes to admire its homely charm before he tested it further.

"You have come, John, to tell me all about your trip, and I want you to tell me something more.

Rachel Willis was in here this afternoon, and we got to talking about our poor Ellen.

She made a remark about your grieving over Ellen, and it struck me that you were grieving, too.

Now, I don't want you to do that, for Ellie is all right now, she has paid her penalty with her life.

Why is it, John, that you do not find some good girl, and marry and settle down.

You must be over twenty-six, and it is very unusual for our young men to live so long single."John had pushed away his plate, and left all its crisp charm, for Aunt Clara's words had choked him with crowding memories.

He sat for sometime, with his head in his hands, and Aunt Clara watched him as she rocked back and forth, and wondered if she had for once been at fault.

After a time, however, he raised his head, and said, with an effort at lightness "I am not much of a fellow, Aunt

Clara.

Sometimes I do feel a bit lonely.""Well, of course you do, John, and that's why I want you to get married and have some comfort in life."His head was drooped again, between his hands, and he said lowly:

"Aunt Clara, I have been a selfish, one-ideaed fellow.

I deserve all my own reproach and loneliness.""Now, John, I want you to tell me just what you mean.

You have said enough to show me there is something in your mind which needs airing.

What is it?""I mean, that from my earliest youth I have loved,, with all the strength of my heart, a girl, who never has and never will, I guess, care anything for me.

For some years I felt that I could get her, through prayer and faith, and hoped and was happy.

But I did not succeed.

I have tried to hide my feelings, though, and I don't think anyone has suspected me, unless it was the girl herself, occasionally.""John, there is a belongingness in love as in life.

We are not married by chance.

If that girl belongs to you, you will get her.

If not, you don't want her.

Who is it?""It is Dian."He spoke with an effort, as if it were painful to thus speak her name.

"Oh!"Aunt Clara was not much surprised.

"What about Ellie?''she asked.

"I loved Ellen, but it was not as I love Dian.

Maybe I have so set my heart all my life upon getting Dian that I did not give myself a chance to see other girls.

But, Aunt Clara, don't you remember that I have ever said this, but I had a feeling that Ellen liked me.

And I have felt all the remorse natural that I did not save her while I could.""We can always see where we could do better, even in. small things.

But she, as well as every other soul, needed not destroy all hopes of eternity because love is not returned.

This love plays such mischief, when it is not understood and governed.""Just so.

I have failed to conquer my love, and it leaves me sore with defeat.""Why should you conquer your love?

Have you ever asked Dian to have you?

Diantha is a noble girl, she is always so strong, so sweet, and so pure.""Don't I know it?"almost groaned John, as he pressed his hands across his eyes.

"Look here, John, I don't believe for one moment that God would let as prayerful a man as you

JOHN STEVENS 'CO UR TSHIP.

waste years of life upon a useless love.

How do you know but what Dian loves you as well as you love her?

And oh, mated love is such a blissful, such a divine joy."John shook his head, slowly.

"I don't want to think, John Stevens, that you are a coward.

Go to that girl, and tell her what you feel, and trust God for the result.

See here.

You go into the front room, and I will bring Diantha over in two minutes.

I will tell her you are in there, and if she wants to see you she will go in of her own accord.

If she does not want to see you she can easily refuse to go in, and then I hope you will give her up and put your mind off the subject once and forever."Aunt Clara slipped out as she said the last words, and John waited some time in moody, unhopeful silence, until he heard the two voices as they came into the yard.

He sprang up, and put himself in the already dark front room, its shadows only lifted here and there by the moonlight pouring through the casement.

Through the open door, he saw Dian come in, her sweet face aglow with the merry smile with which she listened to Aunt Clara's nonsense.

Her white teeth gleamed like even pearls, and her red lips parted over them in bewitching ripples of laughter.

Her bright eyes were wide and uplifted with clearest radiance.

Her summer, muslin dress, a little low in the neck, rose and fell over her bosom as she panted with her hurry and merriment.

His eager eyes noted the pale gleam of her yellow hair, parted above the wide, white brows, and then lingered on the rich rose upon her cheek, and lighted upon the full, strong chin, and he said to himself that her full, pink chin was like a cleft rosebud.

The tender white throat rose up from her proud shoulders with a wondrous grace, and her softly rounded arms were white under the muslin sleeve.

She stood a moment unconscious of any gaze or presence, other than Aunt Clara's, and he wondered with a silent agony what expression would sweep over her expressive face when

Aunt Clara made her disclosure.

"Diantha, John Stevens came home today."The cheeks were drained of all their delicate color, but the girl's voice was steady as she said simply, "Did he?""Yes;

and he has been here to see me.""Oh!"John did not see the tense clasp of the fingers, he saw only the calm quiet of her face.

Was it the quiet of displeasure?'He felt guilty, thus to watch her unconscious betrayal of self, but he told himself savagely, that a man has a right to see the face of his executioner.

"John would like to see you, Dian,"Aunt Clara waited a moment.

Then she said quietly:

"He is in the front room.

If you would like to see him, go in there and have a talk with him."The girl stood a moment, with her tightly clasped hands, and her hesitation seemed like a year of suspense to the heart watching her from that other room, and then, with a little, half-troubled smile upon her lips at Aunt Clara, the girl glided into the other room, and sheltered as well as blinded by its partial shadows, she closed the door behind her; she was so near the man that her muslin sleeve rested upon his arm.

He felt suffocated with that blissful touch, and he stood, silent, wordless, as if deprived of the power of speech.

She, too, felt his nearness, although she could see nothing, and she stood uncertain which way to go.

She threw up her hand as if to shield herself, and she touched his

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

cold cheek, and felt the silken moustache beneath her fingers.

He snatched her hand and held it to his lips, its warmth and purity stilling, for a moment, the trembling of his soul.

He took it away, and putting it upon his face, he rested his cheek within its sweet cup, as if thus all sorrow were done forever.

She stood silent, waiting, and as voiceless as himself.

This unbroken, sweet encouragement was almost more than he could bear; he was so unprepared for it, and it had all come so suddenly.

After a moment, he reached out, and finding her so near, he laid his arm about her waist, and as she said nothing, he drew her to him with a close, passionate embrace, and laying his own face down upon the soft hair, he held her to his throbbing heart in speechless bliss.

Neither knew how long they stood, so perfect was their peace.

But at last, he drew her face up to him, and whispered in her ear, so close that his breath stirred all the tiny curls around her neck.

"Is it love, dear, or sympathy?"For answer, she laughed softly;

and putting her arms around his neck, of her own accord, she murmured:

"It is my love, my life, John."Words were too weak; he drew her face from his shoulder, and in the shadowy silence, he put his big, rough hand under her lovely chin, and thus drawing up her mouth to his own bent lips, he told her with that long, wordless caress, all the pent-up story of his life and its passion.

He drew her to the casement, and in the flood of moonlight pouring in, he stood away for a moment and looked at her with his hungry eyes, as if he must make sure that she was real.

He gloried in her beauty, for he loved all things beautiful and perfect of their kind;

and he noted each gracious charm of face and form as he pinioned her arms down that he might hold her from fleeing away from his loving possession.

"So strong, so sweet, so pure,"he murmured under his breath; "and all mine, mine for time and eternity!"She laughed again, a little happy, yet modest laugh, as she saw the gleam of passionate adoration which lit up her lover's eyes as he gazed down upon her in the moonlight.

She struggled to free herself, as she remonstrated softly:

"You are not to hold me at arm's length, sir."For answer, he caught her to him again, and with his lips upon hers, he vowed to hold her in his heart of hearts forever and forever.

Presently, after what seemed to them, a few moments of silent, sweet peace, Diantha lifted her head from his breast, and said:

"Come, John, Aunt Clara will wonder at our being in here without a light.

Come let us go in and thank her.""Wait, one moment, sweet."But she insisted, and together they opened the door, and stood with modest assertion of their love before their dearest friend.- John held his arm around the girl, as if fearing she might change her mind when once in the light and observed by other eyes.

"This John of mine is a queer John, Aunt Clara,"said Diantha, merrily, her breath quick with the joy of her expressed ownership in the big fellow beside her, "he seems to think, because I am glad to see him, that he can domineer over me, and he has kept me in there nearly half an hour, simply to tell him that I am glad he has got home.""Half an hour?"asked Aunt Clara dryly;

"you two have shut yourselves up in there over two hours.

It's after ten o'clock.""Why, John Stevens, I am ashamed of you, said the girl with

JOHN STEPHEN'S COURTSHIP sparkling eyes and parted lips of soft laughter.

"A man has a right to say howdo-you-do to his wife, hasn't he?"he said gravely.

"Oh, John, how could you,"panted the girl, "how dare you speak so, you havn't asked me yet.

"We will be married, Aunt Clara, and please God one month from today.""Oh you John!

What impundence!

Aunt Clara, did you ever see anything like it?

Here he has never courted me one bit in his life, and never even asked me to marry him, aud now he takes the law into his hands in that way!"John drew her closer to his side, with his encircling arm, and looking down into her eyes, he said "Dear, I have been courting you in sprit all my life.

Let me have my own way now, will you not?'His tone was so gentle, so tender, that she answered softly, yet still half-mischievously:

"Well, Aunt Clara, I gue>s we will have to let him have his way.

He is so big that he could crush us both if we didn't please him."Aunt Clara's eyes were moist with tears, as she watched them.

She rejoiced in their love, and she was content that she had helped a little.

But as they started out of the door to leave her, and Dian. came back to kiss her once more in token of love and gratitude Aunt Clara's heart flew back to their lost Ellie, and all the sad, miserable story. She went to the door and watched them go out of the gate, Dian.

still full of bubbling mischief, her quick, pretty gestures of teasing indifference as she refused to even take John's arm in the bright moonlight, bringing back her Ellie's love for this same good man, and she turned back into her room with sobs in her throat;

and then she knelt in silent prayer for the two who had gone out from her home to their blessed future.

As Dian.

herself knelt that night in her evening prayer, she poured out the wealth of her young heart in gratitude to God who bad so magnified her life and its mission.

After her prayer, she sat at her window and thought back on all the past, and she wondered anew that she could ever have called her lover cold, reserved or silent.

His every look was pregnant with thought, and his presence was full of unspoken meanings.

She could see how in her ignorant, thoughtless girlhood she could not appreciate him, as she could not appreciate the deep throbbing poems in the Bible until life opened them and sorrow put into her hand the secret key to their mysteries.

She had grown up to John now, and she wondered how it was that she could ever have permitted ordinary men to come near her.

He was a king Proud, intelligent, pure.

And with the wide-open eyes of her experience, she recognized his matchless manhood and bowed down in mighty prayer that she might prove worthy of his love.

That was a busy month, and everybody in the neighborhood insisted on doing something for the coming wedding.

John bought a lot not very far from Aunt Clara's home, and although it had only one log-room for a house, he soon had a large front room added to it, and he put up a small lean-to, for kindlings and wood.

He did not propose, he said to himself, that his wife should have an unnecessary step to walk, and with that same thought, he dug a new well close to the kitchen door.

He put a good paling fence in front of the house, and promised himself that he would very soon replace the brush fence on the south side of the lot with a new one, to match the front.

How many times he peeped into the large front room, with its new, white pine floor, and its huge fireplace, and wondered how he could

JOHN STE YENS'CO OR TSHIP.

wait until the days were gone and Dian was there to fill every nook and corner with radiance.

He wished he had time to pull down the old part and put up an adobe room, but that must needs wait for the future.

He planted, with patient care, several hop-vines around the front "door-stoop,"for he knew Dian loved flowers and green things.

And with what infinite pleasure he watched the putting down of carpets, bright new rag ones, that Dian had been busy getting made for the happy time of their wedding-day.

She and Aunt Clara came a day or so before the wedding and cleaned everything to spotless whiteness.

In the window Dian hung simple, unbleached muslin curtains with their crochetted edge, which she had spent many days in bleaching.

But they still retained enough creamy tint to soften the plastered walls of shining white.

Under one window, a small table, pine, and painted red, in imitation of mahogany, held Dian's only two books, tht Bible and a stray copy of Shakespeare, which had someway come into her possession.

Under the other window, was a square box, which John had fitted with hinges and a good lid, and Dian had stuffed the lid top with wool and then covered it with a pretty piece of cotton print and had hung a valance of the print around under the lid.

This made a comfortable seat, and that was necessary as chairs were rare and expensive.

Inside, she had folded her modest store of hand towels and pillowslips.

Over the huge fireplace, John had put a low, broad mantle, and Dian set up her precious clock, which was the only thing of her mother's that she now possessed.

On each side of the clock were the two brass candlesticks, polished like gold, and filled with tall, yellow tallow candles.

A few chairs, the old fashioned bed in the corner, a box which they called a trunk, and which had also an edged cover of white to hide its plain look, and the modest room was furnished.

But John had filled in the fireplace with spicey evergreens from the canyons, and he had searched the hills for the last sego lillies, and these stood on the mantle shelf, their creamy whiteness falling into the color and tone of the pretty room.

The carpet was bright and varied in color, and as John stood within its sacred precincts the night before he was to be married, he thought how the glorious presence of his beautiful wife would make it a heaven of rest and happiness.

He walked into the neat kitchen, and noted how carefully Dian had arranged their store of dishes, three plates, three cups and saucers, three bowls and a vegetable dish, all these had been placed up in brave show against the board he had nailed at the back of the shelves.

The small cook-stove, he was especially proud of, for it was a great luxury in thos early days.

It shone with a brilliant luster, and the few pots and pans belonging to it, were ranged upon the bench behind the stove with housewifely precision.

He had filled their one pitcher with huge, bright sunflowers, for he said that was like Diantha's hair;

and he had pressed into service, the two tumblers to hold the marigolds and spice pinks which he had begged from Aunt Clara's treasured store.

He bent his face over the flowers, and whispered to himself that the delicate pinks were like Dian's cheeks, and their perfume was her breath.

As he finished his survey, he turned into the front room, and kneeling down, he offered, for the last time, his lonely, evening prayer.

He prayed that God would make him gentle, and all worthy of such happiness; while he asked earnestly, to love his religion well enough to put God first, and wife and home

JOHN STE VENS'CO UR TSHIP.

after.

But even as he prayed, the voice of inspiration whispered in his soul, that wife and home, if rightly understood, are religion, and God was pleased with the man who could be worthy of them.

If there were time, it would be pleasant to tell of the merry wedding, and of the delicately mocking charm, with which Diantha held her lover at arm's length, all that long, happy dav.

She was as winsome as a sprite, and as elusive.

She had a thousand excuses to leave him to his own devices, after they had returned from the early morning wedding in the Endowment House.

She must see to the dinner, for they wire all at Aunt Clara's, who had insisted on getting the wedding dinner.

So John folded his arms, after she had sliped from them at last, and he quietly sat down by the window and picked up his book. She might go, she could never get away from him now, he reflected with a thrill of delight, and he could well aford to wait for her sure return.

Dian.

peeped in occasionally to see if he was all right, for the company would be there soon, and she was very anxious, she said, to see if his collar and necktie were perfectly straight.

She came in, as she found that he did not seem to notice her, and she playfully ordered him to arise and let her see if he was in perfect trim.

He arose at her bidding, and stood looking quizzingly down upon her, as she took a number of unnecesssary minutes to arrange the already faultless collar and tie under the long beard.

As she lifted the soft, read beard, she wondered how she could ever have thought it anything but fine, and she resolved to expose her mind freely to anyone who should ever dare to say aught else in her presence, that she should.

His eyes burned down into her uplifted, mocking blue orbs, but he said nothing, nor did he offer to touch her.

"I am very glad, Mr. John, that you have learned to keep your arms from around me, for at least this afternoon, for you will have to learn, you stupid, great big, awkward John, that muslin dresses are not to be shaken, nor are they to be taken in such careless hands as these,"and she held his unresisting hand a moment, then she deftly put it about her waist.

He stooped down, and kissed her gravely upon the tender, red mouth, as if he found it impossible to resist his own forever.

Then she drew back, and with a sudden assumption of dignity, she said, "Don't you know that it is very rude to kiss a lady, unless you have properly courted her, and she has promised to marry you?"He laughed out of his eyes at her, and fell to stroking his long beard in the way she remembered so well.

"Now, I am going to stay right here, Mr.

John, to punish you for not seeming glad to see me just now."She sat down for a moment, but as John made as if to take her in his arms she sprang up, and with a sudden elusive gesture, she put out her pretty toe from the front of her dress, and made him a deep curtsey, saying, mockingly, "The lady must away to spread the feast of—well, not reason—but beef and chickens, and to thus assist the flow of—well, not soul, but small talk.

Adieu,"and she swept him another low bow, and tripped to the door, where she paused a moment, and turning back she tossed him a pretty kiss from the pink tips of her dainty fingers, as she laughed, "None but the brave deserve the fair,"and was gone.

They had refused to have a dancing party, for both had still a deed but painful remembrance of the one they had both loved and lost, and

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

nothing but a simple gathering of the immediate family would they allow Aunt Clara to invite.

As they left Aunt Clara's door that night after every guest had departed, Aunt Clara put her hands on their two shoulders, and with a silent tear in her eyes, she bade them, "Be true to God and each other,"and they were alone at last with their wedded love and its pure, exquisite, heaven ordained bliss.

Dian walked very primly down the midnight streets with her young husband, refusing to allow him to attempt to put his arm about her waist.

"You know it is exceedingly bad taste for people to show any affection in public; and even if you were to offer as an excuse that it is very late and no one is about, you remember that as children we have learned that we must do what is right whether there is any one to look at us or not.

Hey?"John assented, allowing her to place the merest finger tip on his arm, and he walked gravely down the moonlight streets between Aunt Clara's house and their own dear little home, which they were about to enter for the first time together.

Dian chatted and laughed, asking and answering all sorts of questions, sometimes putting into John's mouth words he never would have uttered, for she said he would not talk for himself and so she must do the talking for both.

And presently she, too, fell silent, and they thus reached their own lowly gate, and he gravely held open the little wicket, for her to pass in.

She stood with beating heart and quiet lips upon the small porch, while he unlocked the newly painted front door.

And then, she stood just inside the door, still silent, while John found and lighted the two candles on the mantle.

Then, with a quizzical look in the keen, loving gray eyes, he said soltly "Sister Stevens, will you come in and take possession of your home."

It was the first time she had ever heard herself so called, and she felt overpowered by all the blessed happiness it implied.

She stood a moment, and then put up her hands to cover the tears which would fill her eyes.

The big fellow beside her waited a moment also, as if to make sure of the source of all these tears, and then he put his hand gently upon her shoulder, and whispered:

"You are not sorry, sweet?""Oh, John,"she sobbed, throwing her arms close about his neck, "I am so happy that I must cry.

Don't mind, it is only that I am so grateful to God for you and your dear love.

To think, John, that I am yours, your true wife, for time and for all eternity;"and she sighed with a happy, half-sobbing sigh, as she ceased her crying, and drew his face down to her own that she might kiss him on the lips, she said, to begin her married life aright, giving him always, first and la.-it, her loving devotion.

The next morning, Diantha began at once with housewifely care to clean and sweep her treasured dwelling.

She scrubbed the kitchen floor, already white and new; she polished the shining brass candlesticks;

she scoured the new tins, and she sang as she worked with gay abandon.

There was song in her heart, and it could but bubble up to her lips.

And these small chores were done all too soon, and then she dusted and arranged her modest belongings in the dainty "front room."And after everything was carefully "put to rights,"she looked with happy eyes of ownership at the box, a plain, darkly painted one which had come clear from Nauvoo, which held all her husband's belongings.

She would go through that, she said to herself, and see if there were anv little bits of mending to do, for

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

of course John had no mother to take care of his things.

She found everything folded with as exquisite neatness and care as she herself could have given them, and in the small wooden "till"she discovered many a little treasure.

There was his small Bible, which he always carried when out on his trips, with a small rubber cup, also one of his traveling necessities.

There was a box of needles, pins, and cotton, which Dian appropriated gleelully, whispering to her own happy heart, that her dear John should never need to put them to use again.

She carefully brushed and folde away all the modest stores of clothing, and then she came to a small packet, in the bottom of the trunk, and wrapped up in a paper marked "Private."It never occurred to Dian, for she was not much of a novel-reader, that there was anything mysterious in the packet; she knew her lover-husband too well.

But she laid that out on the stand under the window, for she wanted John to show her all its contents, and she knew he would.

The happiness of that morning, for that blessed girl!

Who could portray the bliss of her souE It was a simple thing, the opening of a simple, homely box, filled with the simple homely articles.

But they were the precious belongings of the one man in all creation to that girlwife, and she felt that the little act, simple as it was.

represented her taking formal possession of John and all that he could ever own.

He was hers, now, as perfectly as she was his.

John came in and found her on the floor, still dreaming over her future.

"Well?"he asked.

"Oh John, I have just been looking over all your things; and

I am so happy."John did not exactly see what there was in so little a thing to give her so much joy, but he said nothing, as usual, but sat down and held out his arms for her to come to him.

And then she brought the little packet, and with one of his quiet smiles, John unwrapped the little parcel and showed her his choicest treasures.

"Oh yes,"she exclaimed, as she held up a small, rather indistinct daguerretype, as they were called, of herself and Ellen with their arms fixed primly around each other.

"I remember that,"and her eyes streamed with the sad tears in memory of Ellen.

"I have one just like it.

But how did you get one.

Aunt Clara has Ellie's.""I bought it,"laconically answered John.

Dian cried a moment, and then he gave her the three letters he had put away as the most precious of all his keepsakes.

There was one from President Brigham Young, one from his sainted mother, and a tiny little note of her own, written when she was only a girl of fourteen.

"Why, John, what on earth have you kept that little scrawling note for?

I can just remember writing it to you in school one day, in answer to your own written invitation to go to a party.""It is the only line you ever wrote to me, how can I help keeping it?""John,"she said, facing him and looking him in the eyes, "Do you mean to tell me that you liked me away long ago, when I was a little girl?"He had never told her the story he had told Aunt Clara.

Johu did not answer at once, and then he said in his most drawling fashion, "Do you think I would ask a girl to go to a party if I did not like her?""Now, John dear, you are uot going to bother me in that way.

I want you to tell just how long you have liked me, you know, loved me, in a really, truly way?"

'26 /OHA STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

It seemed to cost John a little effort to answer, for he loved silence, especially when he was put upon the witness stand.

But he answered at last, taking the lovely face between his hands as he spoke, and kissing both pink cheeks, "I think I must have loved you, sweetheart, when we sang together with the morning stars and shouted in unison with our companions when the foundations of this earth were laid.""But on this earth, John; what about this earth?""Well, I can hardly answer.

If you were to ask me when I did not love you, I could tell yon—never.

Ever since I saw you, a tiny, silverhaired dot of a girl, I felt you were apart and separate from everything human for me, and I loved you."Now, all this may not be very important, but it is good to hear all we can about our friends, and we must soon leave these two, alas, shall we say torever?

It is very hard to part with those we love, is it not?

If you could have seen John, with his every-day clothes on, out in the lot that fall, plowing and planting for his little wife.

He said little.

John never was a talker;

but he proved by his constant labors, that no unnecessary t isk should be put upon the slender hands of his wife.

Wood, kindlings—why, Diantha used to laugh and say that John was getting in a supply to last five years.

And such gentle assistance as he often silently rendered in her many household tasks.

She used to order him away, but he knew the feet must get weary, after a hard day's work;

and Diantha had much to do to spin, weave, color and prepare their garments for the coming winter.

And outside her door, the yard was packed, and wetted down and swept, until Diantha declared she could trail her wedding dress over it without any harm.

John spent many days of that fall.

planting trees and all the slips of small fruits he could beg or buy.

It was amusing to see him out at his work, driving his team across and around the lot, and then, when Diantha came out, as she very often did, singing as she came, he would stop and look over at her with such a gleam of rapturous love in his eyes, while he would wait until she threw the dainty kiss she was sure to toss before she went back inside the house.

Sometimes he could not resist the spell, and tying up his team he would saunter after her, and once inside, stand wiping his brow meditatively.

"John Stevens,"she would cry, ''What have you left your work for, and what do you want, sir?"And then he would go up, and putting his hand under her chin, he would draw up her face to his own bent lips and kiss her saucy red lips, while he said sometimes, in answer to her mocking question:

"I only want to look at my wife.

And then she would be silenced, for that sweet word "wife"always poured over her soul such a flood of happiness that she could not speak for a time.

One Sabbath day, as usual, they both dressed in their simple, homely best, and together walked up to the

Tabernacle;

Diantha felt as if she were walking upon air.

She looked up at her big, sober, gentle, masterful and yet tender husband, and she knew there was not his superior in all Zion, And how proudly she sat in the congregation while John paced his slow way to the stand, for he had lately been appointed to an important position in the curch.

How her heart echoed every word of the ringing homely hymn, "Do What is Right"and she thanked God that she had been helped by His matchless power to follow the simple but noble advice.

The elder who spoke dwelt upon

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

peculiar beliefs of the Saints, and then launched out upon the great topic of marriage, and spoke with mighty power upon the eternity of the marriage covenant.

Oh how Diantha's heart swelled with rapture to know that she and John had been sealed by the power and authority of the Priesthood for time and for all eternity.

And to think, that two short months ago, she had been so full of grave misgivings as to whether John would ever seek her again, for he had made no sign for nearly two years.

And how she had grown, in that two years, to love the sound of his slow, drawling voice, the glance of his keen, yet gentle gray eyes.

How ardently she listened to the mere mention of his name by others.

She would sit with her heart all atremble if his name were being discussed.

And now to think he was all her own.

For time and for all enternity.

Oh, God, what bliss divine!

The speaker touched upon the privilege of parents who bear children under the new and everlasting covenant.

What a thrill of jov swept over her as she thought for the first time that she would some day be mother to John's children.

Her heart almost ceased its beating for a moment, it was so new and so beautiful to think of.

She looked up at John as the thought came, and he must have been led to the same reflection, for he had turned from the speaker and was looking at her with love in his eyes, she could see it clear from where he sat; and she colored, half with joy, half with modest shrinking, as she dropped her eyes and sat still for a moment.

"John,"she said, as they were walking home at noon, "What a beautiful sermon Brother Pratt preached this morning.""Yes,"assented John.

"And, John, what a happy thought, that I—that we—that—I, that—

John could not speak himself, he was too full of emotion to say a word, but when they had entered their own door, and closed themselves out from the gaze of the public, he took her in his arms and held her close to his own throbbing heart, and said in her ear:

"The mother of my children.

For time and in all eternity."Let us leave them now.

We like the last view of our friends to be the brightest and best.

But this much, I must tell you, for it is a great comfort to me to know it too, that John and Diantha are as happy today, although now in the whitened years of age and experience, as they were in those early days of their newly wedded love.

And one day when I asked John to tell me about his courting days, he answered gravely, putting his arm around the motherly shoulders of his first wife.

"Why, I have just begun to court my wife.

It takes a man a long while to get ready, and then the courting, to be well done, must end only in the long eternities."Homespun.

THE END.

"To know that there are some souls, hearts and minds here and there, who trust and whom we trust, some who know us and whom we know, some on whom we can always rely, and who will always rely on us, makes a paradise out of this great world.

This makes onr life really life.""Every honest work thoroughly and faithfully performed, from the laying of a good road to the administration of a good government, has a beneficial effect upon the world.

Just as a stone thrown into water makes ever-widening circles to which we can set no limits, so patients and intelligent labor of head or hand extends its influence far beyond our sight or knowledge."

THROUGH SUNNY

SEAS.

The "All ashore"bell had rung for the last time, and gathered upon the dec* of the stately Union liner Trojan was a forlorn, damp and miserable group of some two or three hundred passengers bound for a three weeks'voyage to the ophir of the nineteenth century, and as we stood and waved our handkerchiefs to our dear ones we had left upon the fast receding dock, the very clouds wept in sympathy.

As soon as the old Trojan had parted with her accompanying tugs, she settled down to business and steamed down Southampton water at a lively rate.

Darkness coming down and shutting out the sight of "the tight little isle,"save for an occasional light on shore, we began to cultivate each others'acquaintance and speculate upon the kind of people we had to be penned up with for the next three weeks.

Yes, there was the usual crowd;

the interesting young lady and her mamma traveling for their health;

the blare globe trotter; twenty or thirty young scions from college going to make their fortune, "don't cher know!"several returning miners, a sprinkling of newly fledged civil (?) engineers very drunk, with a few nondescript ditto.

Of course we had all been on voyages before, novices the first three hours out are conspicuous by their absence.

Everyone, i.

e. the male proportion, with a big pipe and a knowing air promenaded the hurricane deck as if for a wager, the air being filled with remarks as to there being "dirty weather on the lee scruppers,""she's doing eighteen knots,""let's go aft."together with a hopeless entanglement of technical terms, one innocent looking youth was hapless enough to pronounce the word boatswain the way it is spelled instead of the nautical bo'sun;

retribution swift and sure followed in the form of profouud contempt on the part of his better informed confrere, subsequent utter collapse on the part of the aforesaid modest youth.

Ere long a mysteriously sweet calm seemed to pervade the atmosphere of the hurricane deck, and pipes were laid aside.

I don't know what became of the technical brigade, to tell you the truth, I was fast becoming egotistical and immersed in my own reflections;

somehow or other I felt as though my diet had consisted mainly of pork chops for the last two weeks, plus a dish of ice cream and strawberries.

Why will steamship companies invariably feed their patrons on pork chops the first day out?

Feeling that unless I acted speedely these aforesaid chops would gain the mastery, I sought my state room below. Once more that time-honored phrase is called into requisition, "Pandemonium reigned supreme."Above the steady beat of the machinery, on all sides could be heard as I passed along the gangway, electric call beils, supplemented by feeble cries of "Steward, oh my!

Mr.

steward,"whilst those blue-coated gentry scuffled around with most horribly suggestive utensils in their hands.

I reached stateroom No.

in safety.

I was in a kind of a hurry, so assisted by a sudden roll of the ship.

I landed gracefully into my cabin on all fours, the man in the lower berth facetiously remarking, "Mind the step.

Oh! oh my!"the latter part of the sentence being addressed to the world at large.

There are some men who will joke if going to a funeral.

Jack, as I came to know him later, was one of them and as he lay in his berth, sandwitching a joke between each groan, I could not"help but feel strangely drawn to him.

We were fast chums in no time, and half an hour after my novel intrusion we were lying in our bunks swapping confidences and breaking the bylaws by smoking below.

THROUGH SUNNY SEAS.

Jack was going to serve five years in the Cape Mounted Rifles, just for the fun of it, you know; and when not fatigued too much, after a long patrol, might go out before breakfast and pick up a few diamonds as a side issue.

We lay and talked over our plans, until I dropped off to sleep, little dreaming that I would eventually cast anchor in Utah, as a Latter-day Saint, after knocking around the world. We awoke next morning with the machinery stopped;

and looking out of the porthole, saw Plymonth and Mount Edgecombe across the water, and very pretty the town looked in the morning sun;

very much so, I should imagine, as it did a couple of hundred years before, when the plucky little English fleet rounded the Hoe and put out to sea to give battle to the apparently invincible Spanish Aarmada, that Philip, of Spain, in the majesty of his omnipotence, had launched to erase England from the map.

How he was frustrated, is known to every schoolboy.

We lay riding at anchor, waiting for the mail and passengers, for a couple of hours, and then dropping the pilot, headed straight out to sea, passing the historic Eddystone lighthouse, almost within biscuit throw.

When morning broke again, we were rollicking across the Bay Biscay, with a well-developed headwind before us.

The bay was in splendid training, consequently the commissariat was given a rest, and the amount of solids partaken of by the entire ship-load of passengers, would not have kept a decent-sized chicken ranch in good laying order for a week.

Sunday morning's inspection revealed the crew and stewards to be a fine lot of men, some one hundred and fifty strong, as they drew up in a double line on deck, in their dress-uniform and bare feet, swaying in perfect unison to the roll of the vessel.

Sunday service on board is quite 12 c an impressive scene.

Around the sides of the first saloon are ranged crew and stewards.

The hearty way they echo the responses is only equalled by the lusty way they swore an hour later in the fo'castle.

In the center are grouped the ships officers and passengers, the latter in a more or less faded condition.

At the head of the saloon stands the captain at a table covered with the union jack, with the necessary Bible and Prayer Book upon it.

He reads the lesson for the day in an apolegetic voice, and the congregation help out at stated intervals on the responses.

The hymn was a howling failure.

The young lady pianist had an exclusive time of her own (when she wasn't engaged balancing herself upon the stool. ) The crew ran a very hearty, heavy opposition, whilst the passengers came in with a feeble scattering volley.

Up to that time we all had felt very sedate and religious.

Just in front of Jack and I sat a very dignified old gentleman in a large easy leather chair.

Jack had no more sense than to displace a bolt.

The effect was electrifying;

the ship gave a long sickening roll with a return pause to it, and away shot the chair and its occupant, caromed off the lady pianist to a table and from thence bore down with malice aforethought upon the burly frame of the second engineer.

Neptune saved the engineer's life, for with a roll to starboard the old gent shot over the back of the chair under a table, the chair was captured, its former occupant rescued from his undignified sanctuary and peace once more restored.

By the time we reached the mouth of the Tagus off the coast of Portugal, the head winds had abated and we were beginning to take a solid diet once more; and oh, how we did make up for lost time, for had we not paid in good honest coin for the privilege of eating and sleeping in comfort, and our duty to ourselves first, last and all the time, was

73Q THROUGH SUNNY SEAS.

to see that no soulless corporation made anything out of us.- The river scenery to use Jack's phraseology was "scrumptuous"and for three hours we steamed up the Tagus between an ever changing panorama of vineyards, castles and monasteries nestling amongst wooded hills, which, to this day, are scarred by the effects of the historic earthquake.

When within sight of Lisbon a small boat pulled alongside of us and the quarantine and customs officers stepped on board.

Neither of them was five teet high but how they did swell themselves!

I could hardly credit that those two little swarthy fellows with their black and bristling moustaches, were only public officials and not the King of Portugal and his prime minister.

After showing a clean bill of health we were graciously allowed to proceed on our way, and within half an hour were riding at anchor oft the old time romantic city of Lisbon.

There was a huge scramble, and after haggling with and beating the boatmen down per cent, we pulled off from the side in boatloads of twenty for a five hour's run on shore.

The first three hours the young bloods owned the town, the subsequent hour being spent in dodging the gen d'armes and persuading Lisbon with prayers and much cold cash not to own them.

After getting sickened at a bull fight we went on a tour of discovery.

What a quaint old city is Lisbon, with its narrow streets, gaudily striped houses, public squares crowded with lottery ticket peddlers and beggars galore who have on exhibition the choicest assorted collection of cancerous growths, and sickening deformities imaginable, oxen drawing carts (with wheels made from sections of the solid trunks of trees) loaded with wine, porters with loads on their backs that would put the Saltair strong men to shame, and everyone of the male sex and half of the gentler, smoking the omnipresent everlasting cigarette.

One street in particular attracted my attention, it being a long boulevard almost entirely composed of jewelers'stores.

The Portugese ladies are very petite, with lips like rosebuds, and when they smile upon one with those wonderous black orbs, the mystery of the necessity of so many jewelers stores is a solved problem.

The Portugese, from a five hour's acquaintance, struck me as being a very free and easy going people, whose sole manufacturing industry seemed to be cigarettes.

A locomotive I saw bore a German firm's name.

Their drugs were evidently of English manufacture, and even a grating outside a large store bore the siamp of a prominent English foundry.

When they don't use the sharpened stick of their forefathers for a plough they use the American one every time, so they give us all a show, to use a slang term.

Their coinage consists of copper, twenty reis pieces mostly, which are equal to about two cents.

It is quite a shock for one to stroll into a store and buy a couple of handkerchiefs and a tie or two, and then hear the guide casually remark that the total foots up about one thousand reis.

But I guess one can get used to affluence.

Our resturant bill amounted to some 7,000 reis.

We gave the proprietors a couple of English gold sovereigns in despair, and were about to draw up a chattel mortgage for our effects, when lo!

we received enough change to start store keeping.

We left quaint old Lisbon with many regrets that we could not stay longer, and once more were out on the boundless ocean.

The next evening the second saloon gave a very creditable minstrel show.—Not excepting the famous P. & O. China bor.ts, the South African liners cater for the amusement of their patrons, the captains doing everything in their

THROUGH SUNNY SEAS.

power to relieve the monotony of a sea voyage—followed the evening after by a dance on the quarter deck for the first saloon, the ball room being very effectively gotten up with flags, bunting and colored lanterns hung along the bulwarks.

Of course we had the inevitable amateur theatricals, and for five or six days we were bundled unceremoniously around the ship to make room lor rehearsals.

One could pick out the company at a glance.

That pained expression of countenance, those ever moving lips, together with a manuscript that never left the hand, denoted that the deadly stage fever was amongst us.

One would be dozing comfortably over a book, dreaming may be of home and country dear, to be rudely called back to earth—or rather water, by a blood curdling voice saying in tragic tones, "I will defend the package with me life's blood!"Of course we all attended the performance—proceeds devoted to the Seamen's Home, and voted it a great histronic hit.

The Trojan "Weakly"devoted two columns of tavorable criticism to the effort.

Yes, we even ran a paper on board, if it were only manuscript, it was racy and well edited.

Here's a sample of one of the advertisements that nearly precipitated a libel suit and a subsequent suspension of publication:

"Just out, a new work on hygiene!

How to sleep in the tropics with your clothes on!

The sign of the dirty fellow, State Room No.

24."Then further we were entertained with a mock trial for breach of promise to marry, in which genuine lawyers participated, the defendant being a young lieutenant of the British army with a supposed weakness for a dashing soubrette of a theatrical company en route to the Cape;

with such an array of talent it is superfluous to remark that the cross examination of the plaintiff brought down the "house."On the fifth day out we sighted land once more and dodged in and out amongst bare, desolate looking islands.

Soon there appeared a small cloud on the horizon which grew bigger and gradually assumed the form of a large island.

Then we knew we were approaching the far famed Maderia, the land of wines and balmy breezes, the Mecca of the wealthy consumptive;

higher and higher it rose out of the violet ocean, a beautiful green mountain with streaks of snow on its summit;

little white dolls houses nestling amongst the luxuriant foliage and vineyards, the whole forming a picture never to be erased from my memory.

As we approached the principal city, Funchal—the ancient rendezvous of bold, bad buccaneers—hundreds of small boats were, seen to put off from the shore, the old pirate stories ran riot in my brain as the boatloads of swearing, perspiring

Portugese raced for the ship.

Pirates, however, are a mere detail to these, parrot, fruit, wickerware, embroidery and jewelery peddlers.

They warmed up the sides and took possession;

in three minutes the deck of the vessel was one huge bazaar, every man vieing with his brother to bilk the unsophisticated stranger.

Everyone has heard of the Maderia diving boys!

How they do fight and scramble under water for any coin thrown to them and then bob up serenely and ask for more!

Any of them will dive under the ship for a shilling, which is no mean performance when one considers they have to take a twenty-two-foot dive, besides swimming underwater some 100 feet to clear the vessel, whence they appear, blowing the water from their nostrils and throw you in a sweet seductive smile gratis.

We lay off Funchal six hours coaling for we consumed 100 tons a day consequently there was a huge scramble to get ashore.

On landing on the beach amidst the surf and?creams of the ladies, where were the hacks?

There were none, for

THROUGH SUNNY SEAS.

the simple reason, the streets resemble the roofs of houses, only not quite so smooth, consequentlywheeled vehicles are a drug in the market in Funchal.

We had the choice of oxen drawn sleds, or hammocks swung on poles, with a sweaty Portugese at either end.

All the men promptly chartered the hammocks (the girls wouldn't look at them) and then began a mad race up town.

How the bearers managed to keep their feet was a mystery to me, for the streets (save the mark!) were all paved with beautiful elongated cobble rocks.

I would cheerfully wear tight shoes all day, than promenade Maderia avenues in thin soled shoes thirty minutes;

those of us who tried pedestrianism cultivated a walk that resembled a cross between that of an ostrich and the boy who on the first approach of spring discards his brogans and proceeds to "go it"gingerly barefoot.

We visited cathedrals, stores, wine shops, prisons and other cheerful places and at last cast anchor at the European hotel, where we found several people who could talk English (our much abused guide said he could, but then he lied. ) The proprietor, Mr.

Jones (from Wales I believe) put us up a splendid luncheon, which we promptly put down in a way that brought tears to the eyes of the consumptive boarders.

We left Maderia with much sorrow and little loose change, and steamed out to our old friends, the albatrosses and the flying fish again.

The majority on board seemed to have the gambling mania, nothing but cards, cards.

They say every year has its fresh crop of fools.

That year most of them were on the Trojan.

At the end of the voyage three men owned half the cash on board, and four bovs landed in Cape Town, 6,500 miles from home, an overcrowded city, without a red cent to their name.

They played all the week; Sunday made no difference.

They would bet on the run of the vessel, Miss W.'s next "victim, which foot the steward would mount the companion ladder first with, etc.

Life at sea is much like that on shore.

How the boys do flirt, and the ladies talk scandal, and split up into little cliques.

And so we would jog along with some new topic to break the day's monotony.

I don't blame Napoleon for dying on St. Helena, especially if he went up and down Jacob's ladder, with its steps, like I did; he had a good excuse for dying.

We visited the spot where he was first buried, and vandals that we were, nearly carried it away bodily as relics.

Given a bare rock, inhabited by two or three hundred British soldiers and a few half castes, a fort perched on top, guns and big cannon bristling from unexpected quarters, a crack running through the aforesaid rock, with a little soil sprinkled over the bottom, a few houses and date palms dotted over aforesaid soil, connect the same with the fort above by a nearly perpendicular ladder, a brassy sky, 100 in the shade, and you have St.

Helena.

There is one grand thing about it—it beats the Keeley cure, for no soldier dare get drunk, and go home via the aerial route as it is fatal.

The sea since we had crossed the equator had resembled a mill-pond, and of a beautiful violet color.

At night, under the southern cross and the moon, it exhibited a peculiar phosphorescence, calculated to stir up romance in any breast, and make old and young alike quote Byron and indulge in maudlin sentimentality.

So much so that on reaching Cape Town four hearts were made as two.

We arrived eventually at our destination.

After having spent nineteen pleasant days together it almost seemed like breaking up a big family as we shook hands and adjusted little difficulties, before scattering out to our various eldorados.

We all wanted to get rich so fast that we could hardly wait until the

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

slow going customs officers had cleared us.

On our way up town I did not observe much gold or diamonds lying around save in the noses and ears of the gaily attired Malays.

There were plenty of dusky diamonds though, in the form of grinning Kaffirs, and yelling Hottentots and

Zulus—an endless procession in glaring colors, and unique costumes—from the unobtrusive and airy gunny sack with a hole for the head and two for the arms to the full-fledged nigger parson in silk hat and immaculate white choker.

Geo. E.

Carpenter.

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION XI.

As the Saints began to gather at Laie, and a more zealous spirit was diffused among the various branches, there was a proportionate increase in the number of converts.

This of course aroused the enmity of the old missionary party, and they sought by legislation to prohibit the gathering of the Native Saints to Laie.

Kalakaua had just been elected King, in default of a lineal heir of his predecessor, when this opposition became most pronounced.

A law was dralted which was intended to destroy the influence of the Latter-day Saint Missionaries upon the Islands, and presented to the King for his sanction, but fortunately he had been made acquainted with the design of the conspirators through a native Elder named Koii, who held the position of a sort of companion and confidential adviser to his royal highness.

The father of Koii had held the office of Iliwai a sort of honored body servant, to the father of the King, and by the old native laws, the position descended by hereditary rights to his son who thus became the Iliwai of Kalakaua, to whom he clung when he was poor and practically unknown.

When Kalakana became King, Koii was proportionately advanced in dignity, and having the ear of his royal master, he was able to inform him of the aims and labors of our Missionaries, Kalakaua answered the delegation who waited upon him, that if they would draft a law restraining and prohibiting all the Christian Ministers then he would approve it, and let the natives return to their own beliefs and practices, if that were deemed advisable, otherwise, he saw no reason for a law specially aimed at the Mormons, who from what he could learn, were here only for the benefit of his native subjects.

The King later visited Laie and partook of the hospitality of the Elders, and while there expressed his appreciation of what they were doing for the advancement of his subjects.

Failing in his efforts to destroy the usefulness of the Church upon the Islands by oppression from without, the adversary with better hopes ot success began to stir up dissensions within.

The natives had been allowed to cultivate Awa upon land belonging to the plantation until it had, become established as quite a paying industry.

Awa is a plant from the root of which an intoxicating drink is made and which in former times was considered an essential beverage to accompany the feast.

It partakes of the nature of other narcotics, creating an overpowering appetite for itself.

The inordinate user may be known by the skin cracking and coming off in white flakes.

It also has a stupefying effect upon the brain, causing sleep with many of the sensations of opium.

Not content with cultivating the plant to sell, many of the people become addicted to its use.

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

Under these circumstances President Mitchell determined to strike at the root of the evil by forbidding the cultivation of Avva upon the land.

He proposed to buy the crop then growing and to destroy it.

The natives claimed that the price offered was nothing commensurate with the value of the crop, and were further opposed to the destruction of an industry that had become quite a source of revenue to them.

The result was they were up in arms, comparatively speaking, in opposition to the policy of President Mitchell.

Taking advantage of these conditions, men who had been cut off from the Church for aggravated offenses began to advocate the idea of the natives contributing to buy a tract of land for themselves and to form a stock company independent of the Elders from Zion.

There was a plantation at Kahana, about ten miles along the coast from

Laie toward Honolulu, which was owned by a Chinaman who was anxious to sell out and return to his native land.

Through his native wife his lands were offered to the natives at what was considered a low price.

The offer was first made to President Mitchell for the Church, but owing to the fact that Laie had been chosen for the gathering of the

Saints and was ample for all purposes, the proposition was not considered.

The natives, however, took up the offer and a committee of twelve influential men trom

Laie and Honolulu was chosen to go out among the people of the various branches and solicit subscriptions from the Saints.

When President Mitchell and the brethren with him learned what was going on, letters wereVsent to the presidents of the branches informing them that these men were using the name of the Church without sanction of the presidency of the mission, and were indeed in direct opposition to their leaders.

Letters were also sent to those members of the soliciting committee who belonged to the Church forbidding them under pains of disfellowship from persisting in their rebellious conduct.

No notice being taken of this they were cut off from the Church for insubordination.

The necessary means were finally obtained, the land was bought and a company formed.

The people became stockholders in the company, and as a result many members of the

Church gathered to Kahana rather than to Laie;

in fact many left Laie to go to Kahana.

The natives justified their rebellious course by charging President Mitchell with oppressive and arbitrary exercise of power, especially in cutting off those who were prime movers in buying Kahana, and in considering the members of the Church at that place under a sort of ban. These complaints were formally made to the Presidency of the Church in Zion, in a number of letters written by the natives.

Elder Alma L.

Smith was sent down to the Islands to investigate the matter and with power to take such action as he deemed necessary.

He arrived in Honolulu September 21, 1874, and from there proceeded direct to Laie.

A sort of court of inquiry was instituted in which the matter was fully ventilated.

It was decided that whatever justification there might have been for the charge of the natives that the measures proposed by President Mitchell were arbitrary and oppressive, they had fallen into serious error by taking the remedy into their own hands and placing themselves in opposition to their president and their leaders placed over them by the highest authority on earth.

In regard to those who had been cut off, they must humble themselves, and by repentance and baptism regain their forfeited standing in the Church.

A branch of the Church was organized at Kahana and the spirit of peace and unity began once more to prevail in the Church.

Most of those who had been cut

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

off, came back finally into the Church.

One of the last to fall into line, and one who had been most pronounced in his opposition, was an educated native, named Makuakane.

Several years passed when he, fearing that death was near him, sent to Elder Ward E. Pack, who was then president of the mission, requesting him to come to Kahana and see him.

Elder Pack found him very anxious to make amends as far as possible for the wrongs pf the past.

He confessed that he had opposed President Mitchell, in bitterness and in darkness of spirit.

Nothing would satisfy his anxious soul, but that Brother Pack should forgive him, in the name oi Brother Mitchell; and the assurance unhesitatingly given that such action would be fully endorsed by him, an assurance that was fully justified and ratified by

Brother Mitchell when told of the occurrence.

President Mitchell returned home,

February 2, 1875, turning over the affairs of the mission to Brother

Alma L.

Smith, who had been appointed to succeed him.

The work upon the plantation and also the missionary labors among the people, were continued with gratifying success.

When President Smith returned home June 20, 1876, he turned over the mission, in a prosperous condition, to his successor, Ward E.

Pack, who arrived in Honolulu, June 1, 1876.

Under the direction of President Pack, there was a continuation of the prosperity that had blessed the efforts of the missionaries.

The debts of the plantation were materially decreased, and everything promised well when he returned home, March 20, 1878, leaving Simpson Molen, who, with his wife, had accompanied him to the Islands, in charge as the president of the mission.

Under President Molen, the debts of the mission were still further reduced; but, owing to the fact that the sugar mill had become old and very defective, so that much of the sugar was lost in grinding, it became necessary, under the presidency of his successor, Harvey H.

Cluff, who arrived in Honolulu, June 17, 1879, to buy a new plant.

The old mule-power mill was done away with and a small steam roller mill built.

The Church, about this time, took hold of the plantation, assuming all outstanding obligations, which before the building of the new mill, with the exception of the debt to the Church for the original purchase, were very few and small.

Heretofore, all Elders who labored upon the plantation, had been paid two dollars per day for such labor, and the division of missionary duties and manual labor so made, that each should have his turn at work upon the plantation;

but now, by mutual agreement of all the missionary Elders, it was decided to consider the labors of the missionaries, whether preaching the Gospel among the people, or on the plantation, as part of their mission.

All were to live and share alike;

and when their labors were ended, their traveling expenses home were paid out of the funds of the mission.

This plan has been found to give entire satisfaction, and enables the president oi the mission to assign Elders to those labors to which, in his judgment, they are better adapted, without having to consider their temporal necessities.

The old meeting house which had for years accommodated the Saints as a house of worship, had become too small for the growing needs of the colony, and it was decided to build a new and larger one.

Elders Meldrum, of Provo, Hansen, of Filmore and H.

A. Woolley, of Salt Lake City, were called to the special mission of working on the building.

The corner stones were laid with suitable ceremonies, on April 6, 1882.

King Kalakaua, by special invitation, was present, ac-

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS CODNTRy AND MISSION.

companied by his retinue of attendants, and by Lord Nagasaki, ambassador from Japan.

The king and party arrived at Laie on the evening of the 5th, where they were received with imposing ceremonies, the whole population and many saints from other branches turning out to greet them.

On the 6th, after the dedicatory services in which the king assisted, a great feast was held, and he addressed the multitude, expressing pleasure with what he saw.

After the feast, himself and party continued their journey around the island.

July 31st, 1882, H.

H.

Cluff returned home, being succeeded by Edward Partridge, who arrived at the Islands June nth, 1882.

Under his direction the work on the house was pushed forward to its completion.

In October, 1883, it was finished and ready for dedication.

In order to impress the Saints with the importance of the occasion and with a view of effecting a sort of reformation among them, it was decided to rebaptize all who should attend this memorable conference, which was accordingly done.

The king and the queen had been invited by President Partridge to be present, and had signified their, intention of coming.

On the morning of October 6th.

1883, the small steamer "Waimanalo,"bearing the royal ("party, hove in sight off the coast and was safely piloted through the reef to the landing place by one of our native Elders.

The party, consisting of His Majesty, the owner of the steamer, a Mr.

Cummings, four ladies, one small boy and numerous attendants, were met at the beach and welcomed to Laie by a delegation of white Elders and some of the most influential members of the Church.

They were conducted through parallel ranks of enthusiastically cheering natives to the mission house, where they were received by President and Sister Partridge.

After partaking of lunch the whole party were escorted to the new meeting house.

After the dedicatory services, his Majesty addressed the Saints, commending their efforts, and especially exhorting them to continue to observe the teachings of their white leaders, praised them as the most law-abiding of his subjects.

He expressed his great pleasure in being able once more to come to Laie, and take part in the dedication of so creditable a house of worship.

The Queen had been deprived of the pleasure of accompanying him by the unforseen sickness of her sister, both sent letters of regret.

The report of the cost of the building was read showing a total ol $7947.58.

After a short meeting all adjourned to the feast, which had been prepared, and which was partaken of by all from the King down with the primative native eating implements the fingers.

After the feast, the royal party re-embarked, leaving hosts of cheering natives shouting and waving farewells from the sea beach.

During the term of President Partridge, the first Artesian well was bored upon the plantation to supply water for the cane.

A large irrigation stream was secured, and later other wells were successfully bored.

With water to irrigate the cane, abundant crops were insured. When

President Partridge returned home March 14, 1885, he left a large acreage of growing cane for his successor Enoch Farr to take off.

President Farr made substantial improvements upon the plantation, one of which was the introduction of blooded stock to diffuse new blood into the old stock, which was fast running out. He was succeeded on his return July 1, 1887, by William King, who was in turn succeeded by

Ward E. Pack, on his return home May 9, 1890.

The plantation was now in a very prosperous condition, the debts

'J HE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

which had increased to an alarming extent in making improvements, were fast being cleared up.

During the term of President Pack the last dollar was paid and several thousand dollars placed to the credit of the plantation for the first time in its history.

President Pack was succeeded upon his return home, January 5, 1892, by Matthew Noal, who reached the Islands December 18, 1891.

Under his administration there was a marked increase in the profits of the plantation, and thousands more were added to its credit.

He was succeeded in the fall of 1895 by S.

W.

Woolley.

of Grantsville, the present president of the mission.

It may now be safely asserted that after years of struggle the plantation is firmly established on a paying basis.

The spiritual development of the mission has kept pace with its material prosperity, and the labors of the Elders among the people have been crowned with gratifying success.

The branches, eighty -one in number, are in a general flourishing condition.

The various organizations of Zion intended for the improvement and blessing of the Saints, are in successful operation upon the Islands.

In July, 1895, when Elder Andrew

Jensen was traveling among the Saints there he found forty-three meeting houses, owned by them.

There were forty-two organized Sunday schools, forty Female Relief Societies, twenty-seven Mutual Improvement Associations and two Primary Associations, all in active operation.

The total number of souls belonging to the Church was then four thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, constituting nearly one-sixth of the native population of the entire group, and more converts are being continually added.

There has been a great work done as will be seen from the above showing, and the field is yet a fruitful one.

From time to time as opportunity was presented, companies of native Saints from the Sandwich Islands had gathered to Zion, until about seventy-five members of the Church were located near the Warm Springs in this city.

It soon became evident that it was not desirable for the natives to settle permanently in the city, subjected to idle and pernicious influences, and with but meagre opportunity of obtaining remunerative employment by which they might be able to secure homes.

The policy, therefore, of colonizing them in some suitable locality in the Territory was suggested, and a committee of three was selected bv the First Presidency, consisting of W. W.

Cluff, F. A. Mitchell and H.

H.

Cluff.

This committee visited the Hawaiians, and from their number was selected two, Niau and Napiha.

Their duty was to visit various localities in the Territory and make recommendations as to the most suitable plan to provide homes for the Church members who might gather from the Pacific Islands.

They accordingly visited Cache, Utah, Salt Lake, Weber, Davis and

Tooele counties, and then reported their labors.

Skull Valley, in Tooele County, seemed to possess more natural advantages than any of the other places.

In this valley, land was plentiful, yet the supply of water limited, although sufficient could be obtained to provide for quite a colony.

The limited supply of water cuts off the possibility of settlers encroaching upon the colony.

In addition to an abundant supply of land, the range for cattle, horses and sheep is extensive, and in consequence of a limited supply of water, is likely to remain in an unsettled state for generations to come. Wood and saw timber is quite plentiful, with a probability of the supply continuing, as the distance to other settlements is so great as to bar the people from extensive infringements.

It was decided to locate the Hawa-

MY MOTHER.

iian Saints in Skull Valley, upon what is known as the Knowlton Ranch. A purchase of the lands and water rights from Mr.

J.

T.

Rich was affected, and a Company was organized and incorporated under the laws of the Territory, on about the first of August, 1889, known as the Iosepa Agricultural and Stock Company.

On the twenty-eighth of August, 1889, the Hawaiian Saints then residing at Salt Lake City, were removed to Skull Valley, and comfortably housed in buildings purchased with the land.

Elder H.

H.

Cluff, who had been selected to take charge of the Colony in company with Elder F.

A.

Mitchell, Secretary of the Iosepa Agricultural and Stock Company, and Elihu

Barrell, conducted the Company, and on arriving in Skull Valley, proceeded to survey a townsite, Elder F. A. Mitchell being the Surveyor.

A townsite one mile square was laid out, and each adult male member or widow, was allowed to draw a lot.

As upon the Church plantation at Laie, the natives are furnished employment and paid remunerative wages.

It is thought that there are facilities for the accommodation of not only all who may gather from the Sandwich Islands but also from other islands of the Polynesian group in the Pacific Ocean, affording them a home where they may become selfsustaining and desirable citizens of our State and Nation.

"Decision is a noble element of character.

The vacillating man can never realize greatness.

He wastes his impulses and time in hesitancy, he poises too long between opposite forces, and when he moves onward, it is with the faltering step of indecision.

His faculties are relaxed they are not condensed into a manly force by a determined will.

How many opportunities for doing good in great or small degree are lost by indecision!

Whilst we are asking ourselves, 'Shall I, or shall I not?'the moment is passed, and the flower of joy which we might have given is withered, and often can be no more revived even by tears of penitence."

MY MOTHER.

There hangs in my home a pictured face,

Moulded in lines of the purest grace,

Of oval cheek, and dimpled chin,

And eyes which mirror the soul within;

Of a tint so blue That they rival the hue Of a steel-blue cloud where the sun shines through;

The ripened, womanly charm and grace,

Which we sometimes see in a pictured face 'Tis a dainty, lovely, sainted face,

Where the beauties ol heart and mind we trace;

From the lips, with their tender curves of red,

And the pearly ear by the shapely head,

To the smooth white brow, so lofty and fair,

Crowned by its bands of dark-brown hair.

And I seem to see As she smiles on me, The light of her love as it used to be.

In the bloom of her youth she was called away

To us, who were left, 'twas a gloomy day;

But I know that her spirit watched over her child, And in dreams she has beckoned to me, and smiled;

Has helped me over (he stony road,

And sweetened my cup, and lightened my load;

And when life seems drear, Or dangers are near, I know that my guardian angel is here.

Sweet image—sweet spirit! abide with me, 'Till the gates of the heavenly city

I see;

Enlold me close in thy loving arm,

And keep me safe from sin and harm.

When the river of life runs its course to the sea And I fiad myself launched in eternity, May I, in the place Of thy pictured face, Meet my sweet mother, face to face

Essie L.ayhew.

74© EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED HY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, Octoisek, 1896.

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

From the standpoint of a Latterday Saint, marriage is a most sacred union;

so sacred, indeed, that a covenant with the Lord and by the Lord for time and for all eternity, is made.

We regard it as wrong, to speak of a contract which God himself is party to, and even causes to be written in the Lamb's Book of Life (see Doc. and Cov.

129:

17), as being on the same plane with an ordinary agreement between man and man.

God will not be mocked by a tacit agreement of parties, to break a covenant thus made and regarded, if after a few years, say three, the keeping of their agreement chances to grow irksome.

In the marriage covenant, as in all other sacred covenants, great care should be exercised over our thoughts and actions, lest we prove unfaithful.

We are all weak, and many find it hard to keep the covenants we have made with our Maker; but because we fail to keep these covenants, is no reason for regarding them of little importance.

The keeping of any of these sacred covenants will call at first for constant watchfulness; for sacrifices and for restraints of various kinds.

Those required in a marriage that has been allowed to seem unsatisfactory, are not much, if any greater than those which occur with 'the others.

We insist that the sacredness of this covenant should be maintained, for it is one of the most terribly sacred that the Saints are called upon to make.

Divorce may come; but woe to the one by whose negligence or sin they do come.

From the standpoint of the world the subject may be discussed differently;

for although the marriage of those who are not Saints is ordained of God, He does not become a direct party to the contract, and it is not, therefore, valid from a spiritual standpoint, and normaly closes with this mortal probation.

The nature of the marriage contract is thus left, to a great extent, for man to determine;

and how it is regarded depends much upon his development;

but still it differs much from other civil contracts, for it is a contract based upon relations established by nature, upon relations which are necessary, relations which the perpetuation of the race demands, and lastly, relations in which all mankind has an interest, for morality is dependent upon them.

Every man depends on his association with others for his moral development, and without the love and sympathy which grows up between the members of the same family many of the most beautiful graces of character would not be stimulated to develop themselves, but would be weighted down by the mass of selfishness which would exist between those who have not the close interest in each other that the members of the same family have.

The family is a verv necessary steppingstone for moral development, and hence for the good of the race.

For this reason it is man's business to see to it, that the marriage relation be made as permanent as possible, that it should not be lightly assumed, and for this purpose that the thought should never enter the minds of the contracting parties that the agreement may be cancelled if after a trial conditions should become disagreeable.

In some cases divorce may properly be granted, but in the main the law should seek the welfare of all rather than to relieve the suffering of a few who because they themselves are failures cause marriage to be a failure.

Editor l Contributorv"Dear Brother.—I have received very frequently from Stake Officers

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

of Y. M. M.

I.

Associations, inquiries concerning the advisability of the young women meeting regurarly with the young men in the Associations.

I find from correspondence and conversations, that in some Stakes and Wards that method is adopted, and the Young Men's Associations claim to receive benefit from it, but, that so far as I have learned, whereever this is done the young women meet in a separate organization on some other evening.

I conclude from the above facts that there is a sentiment, somewhat general on the part of the young men, in favor of joint associations, and in order to obtain the views of the thoughtful workers in the Y. M.

M.

I. A cause upon this subject, I should be pleased if they will give it thoughtful and prayerful consideration, and express their opinions through the columns of the "Contributor,"especially considering the following phases of the question

What arguments are there in favor of Joint Associations, and what objections thereto?

What benefits accrue from separate, which could not be enjoyed in Joint Associations?

Would the moral effect of Joint Associations be good or the reverse?

What, in your opinion, are the causes of the apathy of the young men, which, in so many instances, makes it necessary to seek the cooperation of the young women in order to hold successful meetings?

Is it not practicable for the young men in nearly all the wards to conduct perfectly successful Associations separately?

For the purpose of promoting the expression of thought in the presence of the opposite sex, are the monthly joint sessions sufficient?

I present this letter in the hope that it will bring forth full discussion of the matter by those interested in the progress of the M.

I. cause, and and whose experience makes them competent to judge and will give weight to their opinions.

I hope that such will find time to address the "Contributor"upon the subject, freely and frankly, in the spirit of Love and Mutual Improvement, realizing that all that concerns the proper education and development of our young people is worthy of the earnest thought and labor of the greatest among us.

I have written a similar letter to this to the "Young Woman's Journal,"in order to obtain the views ol our sisters upon this subject, and trust that the discussion that may be caused will have the effect of creating thought upon this and other M.

I.

subjects, and be a step in the direction of the formation of the habit, by our young people and their officers, of using the columns of their own papers for the ventilation of subjects connected with their interests.

Ever praying for the advancement and success of the young people of Zion in every good work, I am your fellow-laborer, Thomas Hull, Acting Gen'l Sec'y. Y. M. M.

I. A.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

REPRESENTING THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS'COLLEGE, SALT LAKE CITY

Being a partial reflex of the work done in the chief Theological College of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day SaintsCOMPOSITION ON HUMILITY.

Humility is one of the many virtues of man, and when trained and guarded in the proper way, it is one of the noblest attributes a man could possess.

From the pure fountain of a humble spirit, comes that beautiful regard for mankind, which

74COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

is so quick to obey all calls of duty, and practice self-denial; so quick to forgive another's faults and cheer a despairing soul, until it once more resolves to struggle with right and wrong.

Of course, humility may overreach its proper limits and become like unbounded love or hate, a garment, worn only when it suits the wearer's own purpose.

For instance; the Pharisees of old, were very humble, but down in their hearts they were complacently viewing their humble, sanctimonious demeanor, and thinking what a good impression their assumed humbleness was making upon their companions.

At that stage, humility becomes not a noble attribute, but a harmful state of hypocrisy.

All things carried to the extreme, are hurtful, but a hypocritical person is disliked and distrusted wherever he goes.

Again, taking the Pharisees for our example, we know how they thought that by observing the Mosaic Laws, they would prepare themselves for the coming of the Savior; and so they strictly forbade anyone but themselves from taking part in their religious service, which was perfectly right in a certain sense, but they went about with long, solemn faces, uttering their prayers in places where they might be heard of by men, and receive praise for their devout humility;

and when the Savior did come, they rejected Him, and thereafter drifted into darkness and unbelief.

On the other hand, we might search for years and never find a more perfect example of humility than our Savior taught.

He it was who, through His childish humility, won the Father's respect, and was called to go on His divine mission of redemption, and be born under those humble circumstances.

In manhood He was still that humble Prince who bore all the agony and suffering it is possible for a man to bear and yet had enough love for us that He died for us.

How different His humility to that of the people He came to save.

He, Savior of the world though He was, did not hesitate to speak even to a Samaritan, and to choose for His apostles, not the learned scribes, but the humble fisherman, for He knew that pride or selfishness could not grow in humble hearts.

What would the world be today if humility was taken from us?

Why pride and conceit would have full sway and we would never receive our many gifts promised to the faithful.

Jesus said to His disciples, "Unless ye are humble as a little child, ye cannot enter into the kingdom of God."So you see how important it is that humility should be more thought of and cultivated in every human heart.

If we are humble we are prayerful, if prayerful we have small chance of doing wrong, because one who seeks aid from heaven never asks for that favor unless he has faith it will be given him, and he must humble himself to ask for what he desires.

Humility does not mean a listless body, content to do as others tell it to and never say a word for itself, only obey in respectful silence;

but it does mean a cheerful, kindly person, ever ready to help whoever may be in need, and always teaching by their humility and example that cheerful obedience and love of duty only tend to make our lives happier and more complete, and that ifanyone need aid and strength to help them to gain and keep this spirit, they need only humble themselves upon bended knees and ask a kind Father to help them and they will receive all they ask for and blessings added to it.

Emelia Madson.

PREEXISTENCE OF SPIRITS.

Man! Who is man?

Where did he originate, and what is his destiny?

Some say that he came, through

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

the process of evolution, from the lower animals.

I think man has a higher origin than that, and shall attempt to produce some evidence to prove it.

I shall first see what proof can be found in the Scripture.

Take the oft repeated passage found in Job 38, 4, 7:

"Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth?

Declare if thou hast understanding.

When the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy."Here God himself, in speaking to Job, clearly states that his sons all shouted for joy when this earth was formed;

and why should they rejoice so when they were there with God?

There was a plan marked out by our Creator and his sons knew it;

also that there was something to be obtained through this plan that they could not enjoy where they were;

they knew that the road now was built upon which they were to travel for their future happiness.

That was the cause of their great joy.

The first station along the road is this earth, which is the first step on our road according to the great plan; and now that we are here we are again rejoicing, as before, at the bright prospects of the future.

Paul in his Epistle to Ephesus, i.

3-5, refers to us as having been chosen before the foundations of this earth were laid.

John also gives a beautiful illustration of a preexistent state, where he tells of a great war that took place in heaven, where the angels fought against the dragon;

Rev.

12, 7-12.

Again in Eccle.

xii:

7, we read:

"Then shall the dust return to the earth, and the spirit shall return unto

God who gave it."Is there any possibility, according to these passages, for man to reach any conclusion but that God had all of these spirits with Him before this earth was formed?

If He had them with Him and had such great power as He exhibited in creating this earth, is it not more reasonable to suppose that He would choose some other way of peopling the earth than by evolution as some have it?

To me it certainly is.

In Genesis ii, 7, we read:

"And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the earth, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul."This breath of life is the immortal soul, which so many of the writers of the day are writing about.

These are by no means the only passages of Scripture which bear on the subject, for there are many.

Jeremiah vii, 5; Isaiah lvii, 16; John i, iii, xvi and xvii are very plain.

From the above it is clear to me that we existed in the spirit world with God before we came to this earth, and that we had our agency to choose for ourselves what course we would take in the great plan, and that we proved ourselves valiant for the cause of truth, and as our reward for our work there we are here upon this earth.

We do not reach this conclusion from any recollection we have of our former existence, but from the word of the Lord which we have.

Now that we are here we must prepare for our future home, for our conditions or surroundings there will depend upon our work here, as our place here depended on bur course in our pre-existent state.

In Revelation, vis 9- 11 appears the following:

"And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of God and for the testimony which they held,"etc.

This does not sustain the idea of some of the ministers of the day, for they seem to think that when we lay this mortal body in 1 the silent tomb the spirit is annihilated; but to the contrary, it shows that we simply pass from one stage to another.

This subject is touched upon by many of the writers of the day, and they most all agree that the spirit comes into existence with the body, and when the body returns to mother earth the spirit passes out of existence.

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

On a certain occasion Ingersoll, being called upon to speak at the funeral of one of his friends, said:

"Life is a valley between two unknown peaks."These peaks are unknown to mankind, for they seek to understand the things of God by the spirit of man; but how they fail.

The things of God knoweth no man, save by the spirit of God.

Had Mr.

Ingersoll had this Spirit he could have understood those things;

but he knowing there was so much evidence of our pre-existent state, very wisely alluded to it, and also of the life to come, as two unknown peaks.

But when, in 1 819, in answer to the humble prayer of the boy, Joseph Smith, the Father and Son appeared to him, the needed light was given, by which man may understand his divine origin and his destiny.

Wordsworth, in one of his poems, called "Ode to Immortality,"speaks of some glory that vanishes with childhood, that every tree, flower and plant seems to whisper of brighter times; he also says:

Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting;

The soul that rises with us, our lfe's star

Hath had elsewhere its setting

And cometh from afar.

Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness, But traling clouds of glory do we come

From God, who is our home.

Heaven lies about us in onr infancy!

Shades of the prison-house begin to close

Upon the growing boy;

But he beholds the light, and where it flows, He sees it in his joy.

We see every day, in looking at a child, the above verified; we see a child, though he be alone, talking and laughing, and as happy as can be, and if we were to ask him the cause of his happiness, very often he could not tell.

We have also seen an infant lying upon its bed, laughing and muttering as though someone were conversing with it;

and still, as far as mortal beings are concerned, it is utterly impossible for it to speak or understand a word.

Would it be unreasonable to think that some of its former associates had accompanied it here to cheer and comfort it during the time from its birth till it becomes able to converse with those to whom it came?

Then as it verges on to boyhood, then to manhood, these early joys pass from him; and as Wordsworth says:

At length man perceives it die away, And fade into the light of common day.

Now to conclude, we will take that beautiful hymn composed by Eliza R.

Snow, found on page 143, L. D.

S.

hymn book:

Oh my Father thou that dwellest

In the high and glorious place

When shall I regain thy presence And again behold thy face?

In thy holy habitation, Did my spirit once reside?

In my first primeval childhood,

Was I nurtured near thy side?

etc.

There is nothing more sublime, and that points out more clearly the origin of man, than does that hymn:

"When shall I regain thy presence and again behold thy face;"Had we never been in his presence, could we regain his presence?

Had we never beheld his face could we again behold it?

"In my first primeval childhood was

I nurtured near thy side;"Is this our first primeval childhood?

We need only to say that that magnificent poem was written under the inspiration of the spirit of the Lord;

and that within the four stanzas of that hymn is a sermon that can only be understood by the spirit of the Lord; and when that is understood there will be no room for a doubt regarding the divine origin of man.

Francis Mortensen.

It is positively injurious to be ever picturing to ourselves the woes of our fellow men unless we endeavor to relieve them.

Every time our compassion is stirred, and no action is taken, [our hearts are hardened and our religion impaired.

"The Glory of God is Intellif -THECONTRIBUTOR, Representing the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations cf the Latter-day Saints.

Volume Seventeen.

(1895-6) Published by The Contributor Company.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH:

PRINTED BY THE DESERET NEWS PUBLISHING COMPANY,

I8q6,

PAGE.

A City in a Shell Nephi Anderson.

A Ministering Angel;

Story of a Famous Singer C S.

A Great Temptation C.

C.

A Dollar, or the Reward of Charity

Ken.

208, 278, A Feast of Fools G.

W.

Christine.

American Aborigines, Origin of F. D. Richards.

An Aim in Life, the Choice of 596, Bulls, Irish Beauty, The Secret of H.

W. Naisbitt.

Black Canyon, Idaho, A trip to

Bona Fide.

"Be Thou the True Man Thou Dost Seek"Book of Mormon, Evidences of;

Some External Proofs of Its Divinity George Reynolds.

164, 231, 261, 270, Boers of South Africa, The Silas Harris.

Bonaparte, Napoleon Elijah Farr.

College Department Air We Breathe, The.

. /.

T.

Woodbury.

Adams, John Ella Selander.

Birthdays, On Richard T. Haag.

Charity Tony Lezvis.

Composition on Humility Emelia Madson.

Development, Symmetrical Wilby Dougall.

Duty Education Elias King.

r Eye Mindednessand Ear Mindedness.

.

.

. Rosetta Wallace.

3=^5 Ethical Study, The Value of W. H.

Chamberlin.

Educational Laws, The Nature of the Child Determines.

.

.

.

.

Ray Grant.

Grammar, The Teaching of Willard Done.

"Our Fast Meeting"Maria James.

"Our Heavenly Way"H.

C.

Sharp.

Present and Future Ray Grant.

Pre-existence of Spirits Francis Mortensen.

Salvation LeRoie C.

Snow.

Thomas Jefferson J- L.

Workan.

Valedictory Alice Rich.

Christmas Stockings_ J.

A.

Macdonald.

Cuban Revolution,. The R. A C.

Child of the People, A Fanny M. Johnson.

Cowboys, A Day With the H. Alan Clarke.

Current Comment Nephi Anderson.

Chased by a Flood Dream, The J S.

502, Dream, A Remarkable Dogs of War, The

iv.

CON7ENTS.

Editorial:

Advice, Political An Inviting Field Ability to Write, The Be Steadfast in Truth Balls, Masquerade Impurity, Avoid Indians, Faith Among the Immigration Restriction Men Wanted Mutual Improvement League Marriage and Divorce Thrift, A Sermon in Priesthood Must be Honored, The Baptism, The Form of Council Rejected and the Consequences

Conduct, Noble Cannon, Abraham H J. Q.

C.

Education, College and Business Home Readings and Instruction Heroism Hope and Faith Happiness Electricity Directly from Coal

Adiantum.

From Distant Lands Florida Levianthan, Hunting the

H. Alan Clarke.

Folklore of Yucatan Crotalies.

"Fram,"The Nephi Anderson.

"Grandmother Percival's Memory,"A Thanksgiving Story.

.

.

. Flora Haines Longhead.

Gleanings Getting on in Life How I Loved My Jean Gentle.

How I Reached Zion.

.

.

A.

G.

Pollard.

How Joe Won His Education Alan Clifford.

How Postage Stamps are Made I Will Repay.

.

.

Ixion.

John Stevens'Courtship, A Story of the Buchanan War. Homespun 42, 123, 172, 239, 299, 370, 432, 496, 549, 634, 657, "Jim"Alan Clifford.

King, A Visit of the Nephi Anderson.

Kimberly Gold Fields G. E.

Carpenter.

Living and the Dead, The "Love and Truth,"A Tale of the Mexican War

Gay.

Liberty F. E. Barker.

Latter-day Saints'College Leaves from a Canvasser's Note Book.

.

.

.

.

.

.

W. A. M.

My College Days. Richard R Lyman.

55, 73, 137, 244, 297, 451, Mormonism, The Consistencies of

James H.

Wallis.

34> 94.

J 43» 247>

v.

M.

I. A. Manual.

.

Milton H Hardy and George H Brimhall.

58, 207, Manhood, Ideal Simplex.

19, 89, 185, M.

I. Work. Milton H.Hardy and George H. Brimhall.

115, 141, My First Mission.... Francis M. Lyman.

325, 351, 410, 478, My Wooiy Confederate Alan Clifford.

Marriage and Divorce Elijah Farr.

Music: A Psalm of Life W.

Rhys Herbert.

Good Night Wm.

Lester.

Praise Arranged by J. J. McClellan, Jr 200

Return of Truth John J. McClellan, Jr.

Moquis, A Visit to the Heber J.

Grant.

163, Murderer Detected, A ]5 2 Olympian Games, The J.

C.

Oration George Sutherland.

Prayer, Answer to IV. H Palmer.

Questions, Answers to James E.

Talmage.

Questions Answered, Important Jos.

F. Smith.

Questions, Answer to M. H Hardy.

Romance in Ice W.

A. Morton.

Salem Witchcraft B. F. Cummings.

c „397. 437, 459, 522, 585, Santa Glaus on a Vegetable Cart

Charlotte M._ Vaille.

Sandwich Islands Country and Mission

Marvin E. Pack.

29, no, 146, 250, 339, 492, 580, 608, 692, Spiritual gifts 37j I56i 2 g4 Significant C.

S.

W.

Self, The Study of G. H Brimhall and M. H. Hardy.

Statehood, Anent C. H.

Seven Sermons Nephi Anderson.

Spoiling a Bombshell.

.

y c Some Literature of the Indians Crotalies.

Tasmania s.

. R. A.

Cannon, n Times, A Sign of the Wm. Lester.

Twins D. J.

Watts.

Through Sunny Seas G. E.

Carpenter.

Utah a State 2 <z6 World's Progress During the Last One Hundred Years

C. R. Savage.

Went in His Uniform ^55 Why the Jelly Fish is Boneless R.

V. C POETRY.

An Acrostic Lewis Stewart.

Comet, To a c. L.

W. 515 Hymn, Dedication Walter M.

Wolfe.

Joseph the Seer Lewis Stewart.

Lord Uplifts the Fainting Soul, The.

.

.

. Edward H. Anderson.

vi.

Lines to a Friend in Trouble and Trial.

.

.

Charles W.

Walker.

Longing Lewis Stewart.

Men and Women Irene Ackcman.

Man was Made to Mourn Lewis Stewart.

My Mother Essie Layhew.

November J. Andy Gardner.

Prayer, My Lewis Stewart.

Prophet, An Ode to the Boy Lulu Cooper Preston 238 Poverty, A Talk With Lewis Stewart. 444 Prayer, Wedding Repentance of Alma Annie G. Lauritzcn 483 Reflections Essie Layhew.

Song Susa Young Gates. 614 Science vs.

Faith Lewis Stewart.

Voice, A Tone of Youth's Companion.'520

-<****immmmmmm Zions Medical <t Surgical INSTITUTE.

DR. G. W. SHURtS, Chief Consulting Physician.

DR. N. D ESTES, Asi't Consulting Physici»n

Office in the Harmon Block, No. 34 East

Second South St., Salt Lake City.

mmwwnmw#*mv*f^»J> > ****** Treat and Cure Catarrh and all Chronic, Nervous and Private Diseases o c Both Sexes.

SPECIALTIES:

Eye, ear, nose, throat, lungs, stomach, bowels, heart, liver, kidneys, bladder, rheumatism, St. Vitus dance, fits, skin diseases, blood disease, and all diseases of women and children.

Surgical Department:

Tumors, club foot, hair lip, stiff joints, rupture, and all deformities.

We cure PILES by our new painless method.

No cutting, no detention from business.

Send stamp for Dr.G.W. Shores'Guide to Health, and new symptom list free.

No charge for consultation.

DANIEL HARRINGTUN, grttornrD & (tfounsctor-at-gDaw.

Constitution Building, Opposite Z.

C. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT HOME INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Send your name for a Souvenir of the Works of Eugene Field, FIELD^FLOWERS Cfce €uaene field monument Souvenir

The most beauti/ul Art Production of the century.

"A small bunch of tbe most fragrant of blossoms gathered from the broad acres of Eugene Field's

Farm of Love."Contains a selection of the most beautiful of the poems of Eugene Field.

Handsomely illustrated by thirty-five of the world's greatest artists as their contribution to the Monument Fund. But for the noble contributions of the great artists this book could not bare been manufactured for $7.00.

For sale at book stores, or sent prepaid on receipt of $i.io.

The love offering to the Child's Poet Laureate, published by the Committee to create a fund to build the Monument and to care for the family of the beloved poet.

Eugene Field Monument Souvenir Fund, 180 Monroe Street, Chicago, III.

BUY NO INCUBATOR and pay for it. before giving it a trial.

The firm who is afraid to let you try their incubator before buying it h;i< no faith in their machine.

We will sell jrou ours ON TRIKL NOT A CENT until tried, mid a child can run it with 5 minutes attention a day.

Wi FIRST PRIZE WORLD'S FAIR, and will win you for a steady customer

If you will only buy ours on trial Our large catalogue mill cost you 5 cents and give you $100 worth of practical information on poultry and incubators and the money there is in the business.

Plans for Brooders, Houses, etc 25.

N.

B. Send us the names of three persons inti rested in poultry and cents and we will send you "The Bicycle:

its Care • nd Repair''a book of ISO subjects and SO illustrations, worth $5 O any bicycle rider.

VON COLIN INCUBATOR CO.

Box 1106 Delaware City, Del.

What lamp-chimney is it that lasts like a teacup and gets the best light a lamp is capable of?

Macbeth's but you want the Number made for your lamp.

Let us send you the Index.

Geo A Macbeth Co Pittsburgh Pa BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, §Mtomyi8i-at-ICaiv t Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

.

CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRICHTS, etc ^T T I i, r '».Vmation an,t free Handbook write to

JIUNN & CO., 361 Broadway, New York Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Kvery patent taken out by us is-l-rought before the public by a notice given freSoi'charge in the

JfrMEfr Jtowmatt Largest circulation of any scientific paper In the world Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly «3 OO a year; $1,50 six- months.

Address, MUNN &'CO Publishers, 3«1 Broadway, New York City.

VOI I SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR THE Y U\J CONTRIBUTOR

WORLD'S PICTORIAL LINE.

IInim * SYSTEM.

The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

•ABSOLCTOLY-PURE rpHE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars and Through Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis

Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark Oliver W. Mink jE.ElleryAnderaon i iFred'k E. Coudert jJohn W. Doane e. DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Receivers.

Gen'l Mgr.

G.F&TA.

D. E. BUR I EY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

jG^jgDcc^.^^ FOR Books, Stationery, Toys, Day and Sunday School and Office SUPPLIES j J^^mM SEND TO OGDEN.