mr ry Ptisc in The Contributor.

i CD CXo -b9CJo a?

£2 O CJ> O o en to.92 LU o OS CD Si- J Every Y.1B.JI.I.A. should have a set of Bound Contributor

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY, 1896.

PAGE.

Visit to the Moquis.

II.

Illustrated HeberJ. Grant. 203 M.

I. Work. VI Milton H. Hardy and George H.

Brimhall. 207 A Dollar, or the Reward of Charity

Ken. 208 Ideal Manhood. IV Simplex. 212 Love and Truth.

A Tale of the Mexican War Gay. 217 Evidences of the Book of Mormon.

Some External Proofs of its Divinity.

II.

George Reynolds.

An Ode to the Boy Prophet Lulu Cooper Preston. 238 John Stevens'Courtship.

A Tale ot the Buchanan War Homespun.

My College Days. IV. (Illustrated)

Richard R. Lyman. 244 The Consistencies of Mormonism. IV....

James H. Wallis. 247 The Sandwich Islands Country and Mission. IV

Marvin E. Pack. 250 Editorial: UtahaState Hope and^Faith Faith Among the Indians Man and Woman Music: Return of Truth htahlkhwl 11173 ^L Capital.

$200,000.

sk.

wilford woodruff, premdiht.

tJldUltSIIGU 1010, SURPLUS, $200,000.

^F GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashiir, Oldest and Largest Savings Bank In Utah, wlCb

Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Preat.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice-Prttt.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J.

Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G. Webber, H.

B.

Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, George M. Cannon, L. John TSTuttall, We pay 5 per eent. Interest, compounded Poor times a year.

Write for any Information yon desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 3 & MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.

RICHARD A. MCCURDY, PRESIDENT.

HAS PAID TO MEMBERS OVER $400,000,000.00.

HAS ON HAND OVER $220,000,000.00.

Writes Policies suited to the needs of persons in all circumstances.

For rates or information address or apply to

WILLIAM M. DOLLIVER, Dis. Manager for Utah, 55, 56, 57 COMMERCIAL BLOCK, SALT LAKE CITY.

'prospectus*—FORvoi/UMB x:\tii,—o> - 1895"6.

We are pleased to announce the following as some of the leading features of Volume Seventeen of Thb Contributor.

It is the determination to make this magazine occupy the front rank in our home literature, and we trust this effort will find encouragement in the liberal patronage of the public

PRESIDENT JOSEPH P. SMITH will instruct and interest our readers with some articles descriptive of

Early Days in the Valley, which will contain reminiscences of his valuable though ofttimes trying experiences as a boy and man in Utah.

My First flission, will be the title of some articles from the pen of; APOSTLE FRANCIS M. LYMAN, wherein he will give an account of his interesting experience of traveling "without purse or scrip,"and many marvelqus incidents connected with his ministry abroad.

APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT will narrate in a series of illustrated articles the incidents of a Visit to the Moquis, made by himself and Apostlb Brigham Young.

These papers will portray in a reiii«arkable manner the care and power of God which accompanied these Eldera

The customs of this Indian tribe will also receive attention.

Salem Witchcraft, A succinct historical account of this remarkable feature of New England colonial history;

theories and explanations of its phenomena, offered by leading writers; treatment of the subject from the standpoint •£ a Latter-day Saint, by B. P. CUMMINGS, JR.

ELDER MARVIN E. PACK will prepare a series of illustrated and highly interesting papers on The Sandwich Islands Country and Hission.

These articles will give a brief historical account of this group of islands, review some of the customs of the people, and describe the past labors of our missionaries and the present condition of the latter-day work.

Twelve papers will be furnished by ELDER JAMES H. WALLIS tfi

The Consistencies of Mormonism.

These will be most ably written, and are designed to furnish arguments in favor of the truth for our missionaries and those who are called to dofend our religion.

Over Thirty Years Without Sickness.

.Mr. II. Wettstkim, a well-known, enterprising citizen of Byron, 111., writes:

"Before I paid much attention to regulating the bowels, I hardly knew a well day; but since I learned the evil results of constipation, and the efficacy of AYER'S Pills, I have not had one day's sickness H for over thirty years - not one attack that did not readily yield to this remedy.

My wife had been, previous to"our marriage, an invalid for years.

She had a prejudice against cathartics, but as foon as she began to use Ayer's Pills her health was restored."My School Days at Ann Arbor Will receive treatment by ELDER UICHAKD R.

LYMAN who recently graduated as a civil engineer from this noted Michigan school with high honors.

These articles wHl be Illustrated.

College Department.

The Latter-day Saints'College In Salt Lake City, will be represented by a department which will be supplied with essays and other articles from students and teachers.

These productions will represent, as far as possible, the actual work of the College, and will pass through the hands of the Principal, who will see that everything used is of a high order.

The Musical Department Will be In charge of Professors JOHN J. MoCLELLAN and WILLARD

DONE.

A graded series of musical compositions, original and selected, will be published, including solos, duets, quartettes and choruses chosen with special reference to their adaptability to M.I. A. work.

Home composers are earnestly invited to send their productions to the editors of this department.

M.

1. rianual, Part HI, By MILTON H HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL, committee on compilation.

M.

I. Work, A series of articles on practical work in the Associations, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

The Study of Self, A series of articles by GEORGE H. BRIMHALL and MILTON H. HARDY.

Association Intelligence.

In this department will appear all instructive or Interesting matter pertaining to M. I. A. work, including answers to questions, reports, suggestions, etc.

We particularly invite all active workers in the Associations to assist by iheir literary contributions in making this department of prime importance.

The Eisteddfod Prize Mate Quartette, For which The Conteibutok gave a $25.00 cash prize, will appear in this volume of the Magazine.

John Stevens'Courtship, a Tale of the Buchanan War, is the title of a deeply interesting serial story which will be continued through the whole volume; its author is our versatile and talented friend

SUSA YOUNG GATES (Homespun); whose already published narratives have been of so much interest.

Ideal flanhood:

Some Suggestions about it.

This will be the title of some articles containing valuable suggestions to our young men who have an ambition to do or be something in the world.

The author is a long resident of Utah, but desires his identity conceal d and will consequently write uuder the nam de plume of SIMPLEX.

Sermons and Writings from the Prophets.

by MILTON H. HARDY and GEO.

H. BRIMHALL.

Volume Seventeen will be beautifully illustrated with

Choice Original Engravings, representing scenes and incidents of great value to the progressive student.

subscriptfou Price, SSti.OO yer Year, Postpaid.

Address TH13 CONTRIBUTOR OO., P. O. Sox S20.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTA hi.

P.S.—Please remit by P.O.Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

Medal and fjiploma at World's Pair.

Tn Restore Strength, tahe Ayer's Sarsaparilla

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http:/7archive.org/details/contributor1704eng

Distant View of a Moquis Village, Arizona.

Vol.

XVII.

FEBRUARY, 1896.

No.

4.

VISIT TO THE MOOUIS.

On the evening of the 12th day of February, 1883, Apostle Brigham Young and myself reached Espanola, New Mexico.

It was a miserable little town, reminding me very much of York at the time it was the southern terminus of the Utah Southern Railroad, with the exception that I do not believe York ever was as tough a place as Espanola at the time of our visit.

We had a miserable bed. and a poor night's rest.

We were kept awake nearly all night by the yelling and shooting carried on by some men who were freely patronizing a saloon kept in a tent almost adjoining the place where we lodged.

On the morning of the 13th we were unable to secure passage in the stage, but succeeded in hiring a Mexican to take us to Santa Fe.

He had a very large wagon and a small span of mules, and although the distance to Santa Fe is but twenty-three miles, we occupied the entire day in traveling it, and I doubt if we would have arrived before 9 or 10 o'clock, if I had not got permission from the Mexican to exercise my right arm in mauling his mules.

To give your readers some idea of the great speed at which we traveled, I will state that for some eight or ten miles four burros loaded with corn fodder kept from one to twenty rods ahead of us, and I doubt if we would have been able to pass them but for the fact that one of 4 a them fell down and could not get up until part of his load was removed, which gave us a slight lead.

We spent the 14th in Santa Fe until 3:20 p.

m., when we took the A.

P. & S. F. train for Albuquerque.

Santa Fe is a historical town, and on all sides there are evidences of the mixed population of the city and the two separate and distinct civilizations existing there.

There are some fine modern buildings, and adjoining them are old tumble-down Mexican mud houses.

The Palace Hotel at which we stopped is a modern building, a very fine structure, and there was a great deal of style connected with it; but it was run on a very economical scale indeed, convincing me that it was not a good paying investment, and that it was many years in advance of the needs of the city.

The 15th of February we spent at

Albuquerque, having arrived there the night before.

We passed a bad night, as there was a billiard hall located right under our bedroom, and the racket kept up during the entire night was almost unbearable.

At 8:20 p. m. we took the Atlantic and Pacific train for Winslow, a distance of two hundred and eightyfive miles, at which point we arrived on the 16th, at 1 1 a.

m.

We were met at the depot by a team from Sunset, to which place we drove, a distance of two and one-half miles, where we were very heartily welcomed by President Lot Smith and the Saints residing at Sunset.

This settlement is built similarlv to Bluff

V1S11 TO THE MOQUIS.

City, San Juan County, i.

e.

in the shape of a fort, about twelve rods square.

Sunday, the 18th, we held meetings with the Saints in the morning, afternoon and evening. On the 19th we spent the day answering letters from home, and making arrangements to start on the morrow for the Tuba Ward.

Our party left Sunset at about o'clock on the 20th, reaching Tuba at 2 p.

m.

on Saturday, the 24th.

The party leaving Sunset consisted of Bngham

Young, Lot Smith, Joseph H. Richards, Thomas

Brockbank and myself.

We camped out during the journey from Sunset to Tuba, but the weather was pleasant, as a rule, and we rather enjoyed the journey.

On the 22nd we passed the Grand

Falls, where the water of the Little Colorado drops one hundred and ten feet, but as the river is small these falls do not compare in the slightest degree with the Shoshone Falls on the Snake River, Idaho.

On the afternoon of the 24th we held meeting with the Saints at Tuba.

We also held meetings with them on Sunday, in the morning, afternoon and evening, all of our party from Sunset addressing the Saints during the several meetings which we held.

Monday, the 26th, we visited three reservoirs located above Moencoppy.

We also visited the woolen factory at the Moencoppy, erected by John

W. Young, and it was a source of regret to us to see the factory idle, and the machinery going to ruin.

In the evening we had a talk with seven Piute Indians, and one by the name of Lehi related to us a number of dreams he had had, which were very interesting indeed, as they showed to us that the Lord had given this Indian some knowledge as to the final destiny of the Lamanites in connection with the Latterday Saints.

At 9 a. m. on the 27th of Februarv our party left Tuba, Yavapai County, Arizona, to visit the

Moquis village, meeting some Navaoes on the way.

Our party consisted of Brigham Young, Lot Smith.

A.

L. Farnsworth, Warren M. Johnson,

Brigham F.

Duffin, Alonzo Foutz, Joseph H. Richards, Thomas

W. Brockbank and myself.

We had two four-horse teams, and five riding animals.

We traveled but eighteen miles and camped at a point called Scattering Waters.

The day was pleasant, but the sand was so heavy that we were unable to make much headway.

On the 28th we traveled to a place called Hole-in the-Ground, where we expected to find a number of Navajo Indians, but were disappointed.

We met three Navajoes at our camp for dinner, and in the afternoon the Navajo chief, Peacon Nez (Long Back), joined our party, and we had a conversation with him.

explaining that we were desirous of visiting some of the Indians of his tribe.

We traveled about twenty-three miles, and stopped at a place which we named Camp Echo.

This camp was almost surrounded by red sandstone cliffs, which were nearlv perpendicular, and there were three distinct echoes each time that a person would shout.

The echo of a sentence of eight or ten words long, could be heard distinctly; and all of our party were very much interested in shouting at the red sandstone and listening to the echo and re-echo ot what we shouted The Indian chief, Peacon Nez, and a companion, called at our camp on the morning ot March 1st, and we had a long talk with him, informing him that the object of our visit was to instruct the Indians, and to impress upon their minds the necessity of their being honest and truthful, and to discontinue fighting among themselves, and against the whites.

We explained to him that the Book ot Mormon was a history of their ancient forefathers, and that this book made many promises regarding the Indians; or, as they were termed in the Book of Mormon, the Lamanites and Nephites.

The chief es-

VlSI'l 'JO THE MOQUIS pecially, seemed very much interested in all that we said to him.

On the second of March we camped for dinner at a place called Moenkopu Wash, and a Navajo Indian, bv the name of Musher, took dinner with us.

I was considerably surprised to learn that this fellow was the owner of nearly two thousand head of horses, and a large number of sheep.

I was also surprised to learn that there were very many of the Navajo Indians who each owned several thousand head of sheep.

We camped for the night, about one and one-half miles south of "George A.

Spring;"and as our animals had to be taken to this spring for water, I volunteered to be one of those to attend to the watering, as I desired to see the place where Gorge A.

Smith, Jr., had been killed.

I was not personally acquainted with him, as he was killed by the Navajoes when I was a very small boy; but on account of mv acquaintance with his father, during his lifetime, and also with his mother, I took a deep interest in visiting the lonely spot, where the young man met his death.

I have been informed, that at the time George A.

Smith, Jr., and John Henry Smith received their patriarchal blessings, it was a source of deep disappointment to the mother of George A., that the Patriarch made no promises to her son as to his future labors and usefulness in the Church, and that all the promises were given to John Henry.

The fact that George A. was killed in his youth, it would seem to me.

should be a testimony as to the inspiration of the Patriarch who bestowed promises and blessings on the head of John Henry, which have been realized, and that he failed to make any promises to the young man who met an untimely death in his youth.

On the third of March, Christian L. Christensen joined our party.

He is the best Indian interpreter to be found in the section Oi the country through which we were traveling.

Sunday, the fourth of March, it rained, so that we were unable to continue our journey.

On the fifth we only traveled about fifteen miles.

On the sixth we continued our journey, and camped for dinner about three-quarters of a mile from the Moquis village, Oriba.

As soon as we camped, two of the brethren rode to the Oriba village and returned immediately, informing us that the Indians were going to have one of their big foot races.

The Moquis or Hopee Chief Tuba, who is a member of the Church, returned with Brother Christensen, and took dinner with us. We hurried through our lunch or dinner, so that we could get to the village in time to see the finish of the Indian foot race.

I recall the fact, that I wrote an article (the first of my life), to the Contributor, from Arizona, shortlv after the time that I saw this race, giving an account of it; and while I do not now recall what I wrote, I will not attempt to give any description of the foot race, but will refer your readers to that article, which is devoted entirely to this race, and the impression which it made upon my mind at the time.

I will simply say that the sight was a very animated one, indeed;

and that the speed was very remarkable, considering the fact that the

Indians were running a long distance and over a very sandy road, and that each company or group was under the necessity of keeping a ball going in advance of them.

The Oriba village is situated on a hill or bluff, about seven hundred feet above the surrounding country, and we approached it from the southeast.

The houses are built of rock and mud, and are from one to four stories high, with flat roofs.

The entrances to these houses are, as a rule, from the top of the first story, by way of a ladder, which is gener-

VISIT TO THE MOQl IS.

ally drawn up by the party entering the house, provided the others of the inmates have first entered.

The first story of these houses is built somewhat on the style of a terrace.

The village is from three hundred to five hundred feet square, and there is no regularity whatever, either in the size of the streets, or in the direction in which they run.

I don't know that the passageways between the houses are worthy of the name of streets, as they were very narrow indeed;

and were, without any exceptions, the most filthy and dirty alleys through which I ever passed.

We went on top of the highest house in the village, and addressed the Indians, through our interpreter, Brother Christensen.

Two of the Indians, Tuba and Talpa, spoke to those assembled, and Brother Christensen informed us that the remarks they made were very good indeed, and that they bore testimony to the good work which had been done among them by the Mormon people.

I was told that the Oriba village is supposed to be about six hundred years old, and was built by the Hopee Indians.

Part of the filth in their streets, to judge from the frightful smell, would certainly impress one with the idea that the streets had not been cleaned for several hundred years, at least.

After we had addressed the Indians, we visited a number of their houses and work cellars.

The cellars that we visited were cut out of the solid rock, and in each we found a company of men engaged in weaving blankets and doing other work of a similar character.

Many of the blankets sold today as Navajo blankets, are undoubtedly made by the Moquis

Indians.

It is really surprising, with the primitive methods that these Indians have for weaving blankets, what creditable articles they are capable of turning out.

In some cases the blankets which they weave are so compact that they will hold water equally as well, il not better, than some of the best wagon covers commonly in use.

The houses have dirt roofs, and as the village is built upon a peninsula of rocks, whenever these roofs need repairing, the dirt for repairs has to be carried from seven hundred to eight hundred feet from the valley below, and this is all done by the squaws, who carry heavy loads of dirt in their blankets.

I noticed, while we were at the Oriba village, that a Navajo Indian joined our party, and immediately all of the Moquis Indians who were in the vicinity of where I was standing, sat down.

I do not know whether they did this out of fear ot the Navajo, or not;

but I was very strongly impressed with the verv meek and inoffensive appearance of the inhabitants of the village, in comparison with the commanding and aggressive demeanor of all ot the Navajo Indians with whom I came in contact.

There was almost as much difference between them as between a cat and a mouse.

The object of entering the houses from the roof of the first story, and then drawing the ladder up after them, so that they would be safe from pursuit of their enemies, would strike one as being almost as wise as the attempt of the ostrich to conceal himself from his pursuers, by hiding his head and exposing his immense body.

Inasmuch as there was no water in the village, and that it had to be carried from the valley below, when the Moquis had retreated to their homes, provided they were pursued by an enemy, climbed up their ladders, raised the same, and entered the hole in the roof of the building, they would be caught as effectually as a rat in a trap; because all that would be necessary, would be for their pursuers to guard the supply of water in the valley below, and then to capture them as soon as they were obliged to desert the trap, to prevent being choked to death.

Heber J. Grant

M.

I. WORK.

BY MILTON H. HARDY AND GEORGE H.

BRIMHALL.

VI.

GENERAL CONFERENCE.

Explanation:—This is the culmination of meetings.

It is an Annual Conference, called by the General Superintendency, of at least two days duration, including the Sunday nearest the ist of June, the birthday of the founder of our Mutual Improvement

Organization, the Prophet, Seer and Revelator, President Brigham Young.

(See circular letter of the General Superintendency, Contributor, vol.

ix.

p.

38).

At these conferences general public services are held, public lectures are given, general officers'meetings and special business meetings are conducted; general statistical, financial and other reports are read;

oral reports made of the condition of the work in the various stakes by stake superintendents or their representatives;

the best means and methods of promoting the education and general welfare ot the \oung people are considered;

topics of special M.

I.

interest are spoken upon by those who have given the matter thought; and instructions, general and special, are given by the General Superintendency.

The officers'business meetings form an essential feature of these conferences, at which every stake should be represented officially.

Young men living at a distance, by proper planning of their work can make it practicable to attend the annual conference, to the extent at least of having each association represented.

Each association could select at least one of its number and say to him, "Go now and represent us; we will pay at least part of your expenses and tend your farm while you are away; and upon your return we shall expect you to make a report of your mission to us in spirit and information."Then every Stake superintendent would find himself so well supported that staying away from the conference would not be thought of by him.

The importance of these general conferences can not be over-estimated, lor the number of young men called directly before the general public indicates the inestimable good done for them at once;

the officers as well as members get the exact instruction they need through the general and special exercises;

and all gathered receive a blessing the value of which can not be told in words;

while all Israel by the dissemination of the information and spirit received, are greatly and peculiarly blessed.

VII.

ANNUAL DUES.

By annual dues is meant the fifty cent fee which each member should pay annually into the Ward treasury;

fifteen per cent, of which is retained in the Ward treasury and the remaining eighty-five per cent, sent to the Stake treasurer.

Ten percent.

is retained by the Stake treasurer and the remaining seventy-five per cent, is forwarded to the general treasurer.

For example: A pays fifty cents to his Ward treasurer, who receipts him for it.

The Ward treasurer deducts fifteen per cent.

(7*t>c) for Ward use, and sends the remaining eighty-five per cent, or fortytwo and one half cents (42*^), with other amounts, of course, to the Stake treasurer, who receipts the Ward treasurer for the amount sent.

The Stake treasurer deducts ten per cent, of the original fifty cents, or five cents (5c), and forwards the remaining seventy-five per cent, or thirty-seven and one halfcents (37^-) to the general treasurer, who receipts the Stake Treasurer therefor.

The moneys received by the general

Treasurer are disbursed only on orders of the General Superintendency.

The necessity for such a fund must be apparent to every thinking per-

20S A HOLLAR'.

son.

The annual lee ot the M.

I.

Associations is less than that in any other like organization.

Similar organizations of young men elsewhere, require an annual expense of from three to five dollars.

Since every young man in Zion should be a member ol the association, it follows that each should pay his fifty cents annually.

While many will esteem it a privilege and be prompt in their payments there will be some who will need some special solicitation, hence, the subject should be intelligently and properly presented till every one responds with his dues.

If there is one thing to be deprecated more than another in relation to these annual dues, it is the making of excuses by officers or members, such as "The young men can't get the money;""they don't have the the means,"etc.

Such remarks stultify the spirit of generosity and make men feel poorer than thev really are, which is always a positive injury.

Evidences are not wanting to show that there is a wav wherever there is a will.

A DOLLAR.

OR, THE REWARD OF CHARITY CHAPTER I.

The sun was sinking in the southwestern horizon, making long shadows on the drifting snow, as a

Mormon missionary stepped from the D.

G. & M. train at the neat little depot in Pontiac, Michigan.

A brisk wind was blowing from the north-west, making the crystal snow-flakes dance and glisten in the frosty air.

Elder P.

(for so we will call him) buttoned his overcoat close about him to keep out the piercing cold, and with a valise in either hand, moved rapidly toward the street leading to the center of the city. He accosted a policeman, enquired for a respectable but cheap lodging house and was directed to Hotel Delma, where the price was one dollar per day.

Elder P.

started for the Delma with the thought, "Well, here I am in a strange city with only one dollar in my pocket.

That means supper, bed, breakfast and dinner tomorrow, and then-well, by that time, with the help of the Lord, which He always gives His humble servants, for He says, 'you shall not go hungry, neither athirst, and a hair of your head shall not fall to the ground unnoticed,'I hope to find friends, or rather make friends, who will shelter me;

that I may find my Master's disciples, if there be any in this place."He then offered a silent and fervent prayer to his Father in heaven, that He would open the way that he might find the honest-in-heart in that city, and be an instrument in His hand in bringing them to the light of truth.

As he was thus secretly praying, a ragged little boy of about ten years of age, bare-footed and thinly clad, darted out of an alleyway, and confronted the missionary.

Tears were running down his thin face and he was shivering from cold and hunger.

His large blue eyes looked pleadingly up into Brother P's face.

"Please, Mister, will you give me ten cents to buy some bread for my ma, and baby sister?

I don't care for myself, but ma is sick, and sister is crying for bread.

We ain't had anything to eat since yesterday.

Please do, Mister, and God will bless you."He was lifting up first one foot and then the other, as the frozen snow and piercing wind made it impossible for him to stand.

The Lord's words came into the Elder's mind, "He that giveth to the poor lendeth to the Lord."He

A DOLLAR.

2C9 put his hand in his pocket and drew lorth the silver dollar, saying, "Here, my boy, take that to your mother,"and, placing it in the child's hand, added, "God bless you all."The boy laughed and cried, and thanked the man over and over again through his sobs.

"Where do you live, my good little fellow?""Do you see that stoop over that narrow walk?"said he, pointing up the dark alley.

"I do,"answered the Elder.

"We live in the second door, under that stoop,"said the boy, "What is your name, my boy?""Tommy Rose,"he replied, and off he ran as though the dollar had put new life into him.

The missionary looked after the retreating form until the little fellow entered the house a few rods away, then made the mental remark, "Poor little boy; how he could endure the piercing cold and snow, almost naked, and bare-footed,

I can hardly understand, but the Lord prepares the back for the burden.

They must be very poor, indeed.

No knowing what they have suffered this cold winter.

I'll call and see them if I stay one day longer in this town."''And now for myself 'he thought.

"I am in a strange city without a cent and it is getting dark. "His heart went out in prayer to the Lord to open the way before him, and to lead him to where he could get food and shelter.

He had now reached the business part of the town.

While meditating upon the labor of love he was perlorming in wandering as a stranger in a strange land, without friends or money, to bring life and salvation to a benighted world, he suddenly stopped short with the remark, "O, I can't go to the Delma hotel now.

My dollar is doing more good ere this than I could have possibly made it do.

I must go to the residence part of the city and see if I can find any of the Lord's disciples, for He says, 'They will feed you and clothe you, and will give you money; by this you may know my disciples.'I am now down to real missionary work.

Had I that dollar I would go to a hotel and do nothing in the line of my duty to-night."At this juncture a dcor opened at the Elder's left, and a bright fire sparkled in the grate in the room.

Elder P.

stepped inside the office, for such it proved to be, with "Good evening.

It is very cold. ""Good evening,"came in response from a short, heavy set man with coal black eyes and hair, who, rubbing his hands together, met the Elder.

"What can I do for you?""I wish to warm a little by your pleasant fire,"said Elder P.

"Certainly,"replied the other, drawing a comfortable chair before the blazing coals and bidding the stranger be seated, while he availed himself of another chair.

"It is extra cold tonight,"he said, "I noticed the mercury has gone down to 1 5° below zero.

Are you a stranger in the city?""Yes, sir,"replied Elder P.

"May I ask where you are from?"asked the gentleman.

"From Utah,"responded the other.

"Utah—you are not a Mormon?"asked the man with sparkling black eyes.

"lam a Mormon minister.""Is it possible my eyes are looking upon a live Mormon 'said the host in surprise.

"I am not a dead one,"laughed the visitor, "Well, well,"said the man, rising from his chair and picking up his overcoat as if to go, "I have wished a long time to see a Mormon.

"At what hotel will you put up?

I judge you have just arrived, as you have vour satchels with you.

I should like to call on you tomorrow if you remain in town.

I desire to hear something about your religion, people and country from one of their

2IO / DOLLAR friends.

I have heard nothing but evil so far and there are always two sides to every question.""I shall not go to any hotel."said

Brother P.

"I am, as the servants ol God were in ancient days, traveling and preaching the Gospel without purse and without scrip.""Is it possible,"said the man, staring at our friend, "that you are so far from home with no money?

And where will you stay this bitter cold night?""I know not,"said P., with a resigned voice, "but this I am assured of, that my Master whom I serve, the Lord Jesus, will lead me to some one of His children who has a heart of flesh and will gladly provide for His servant."I am more astonished than ever,"said the man.

"I have not seen such trust in God in all Christendom.

Now, my friend, you shall go home with me, and such as I have you shall share as long as you stay in our city.

My name is Gray, they call me Dr. Gray.

And now let us be off.

I was just preparing to go home as you entered the office.""Thank you, and God will reward you,"said the Elder, and gave the Doctor his name.

CHAPTER I I.

Our two friends entered a grand residence, after a short walk, and seated themselves in the cosy and richly decorated parlor of Dr. Gray's lovely home.

The Brussels carpet, the soft cushioned chairs, the glistening center-table, loaded with glittering bound albums and other ornaments, with gilt-framed pictures and landscapes hanging about the wall, mingling their resplendent hues in the soft light from the center lamps and glow from the pleasant fire burning in the grate, told of wealth and ease, so far as this world goes.

The door softly opened and the pleasant face of a middle-aged, handsome woman appeared on the scene and she said, "Doctor, supper is ready.""Allow me, Mr.

P., to introduce my wife.

Mrs.

Gray, Mr.

I'., a Mormon Elder, who will make his home with us for a time at least,"said the Doctor.

The woman came forward with out-stretched hand.

"I am pleased to welcome you to our hospitality,"she said in an open, frank manner.

"I heard two elders of your church preach in Cleveland, Ohio, some years ago, and I liked it very much, indeed."The dining room was splendid, and the supper as good as could be had at the best hotel in the land.

After supper, the Doctor, Mrs. Gray, and our missionary went to the warm parlor.

"Now, Elder, if you do not mind, we would like to know something of your doctrines.""With pleasure, friends,"replied the Elder, handing each of them our articles of faith.

"You are aware that the professed Christian world believe the Father, Son and Holy Ghost to be one person, one substance, in short one identity, without body, parts, and some say passions, whose center is nowhere and circumference everywhere.

This was the accepted doctrine of the Christian world in the beginning of this century.

Mothers taught it to their children.

In the year 1820 there was a religious revival in the town of

Manchester, New York, carried on by the four denominations of that place.

It worked up the minds of men, women and children to a fever heat.

Joseph Smith, a boy of little more than fourteen years of age, was also exercised, and had a great desire to know which of the four sects was right.

In reading the Bible, he came to the words of James, 'If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask God who giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him.'Joseph retired to the woods and asked the Lord which church to join.

The powers of darkness tried to destroy him, but he cried mightily to God, and the evil powers vanished;

A DOLLAR.

then a glorious light burst upon him.

Two glorious personages appeared.

They looked like men only they shone with radiant glory.

One, pointing to the other, said, 'This is My beloved Son.

Hear him.'''The boy then asked the Redeemer, tor it was He, 'Which of all the churches are right?'"'Join yourself to none of them,"came the answer.

'They have transgressed my law, changed my ordinances, and broken the everlasting covenant.'He was also told that in time He would restore all things.

"Now, you see, my friends, so young a boy as that could not have conceived of the Father and Son as men, and as separate personages, having been taught to the contrary by parents and ministers, yet it is in strict harmony with the Bible.

'God created man in his own image, and likeness'.—(Gen.

6, 26-2"/.) When Jesus was baptized, a voice was heard from heaven, 'This is My beloved Son in whom I am well pleased.'"The Holy Ghost descended in the form of a dove and rested on Jesus.

The Father was in heaven;

the Son on earth and the Holy Ghost descended like a dove, all at the same time.

Consequently there are three personages.—( Matt, 3, 16-17, y The Elder related subsequent visits of angels;

the restoration of the Priesthood;

the Book of Mormon;

the perfect organization of the church, comparing it, and the principles and ordinances with Bible teachings.

Dr. Gray said, "I am a Spiritualist, and I see you are also.

Mr.

Smith was a great medium.

I believe his statements. He saw spirits and mistook them for the Father and Son.""My dear Doctor,"said the Elder, "the difference between the Latter-day Saints and the Spiritualists is, the latter are governed by the spirits, and the former govern the spirits by the authority from Jesus Christ.""Humph!"exclaimed the Doctor, "Christ was a great medium Himself and worked His miracles by the aid of spirits.

You must go with me to our meeting tomorrow night, and you will learn that the spirits govern you.

There is to be a young lady present, from Chicago, who is a great medium.""I should be delighted to go,"said the Elder, "but I must be at my Master's work, and cannot spend the time.

If I could find some hall in which to hold meetings, I would be in no hurry to go.""Ifyouwillgo with me to our meeting, I will get the court house for you to preach in day after tomorrow evening,"said Dr. Gray.

"I will do it,"said the Elder.

"And now I will show you to your room.

It is o'clock and you must be tired,"said the Doctor.

"I don't know when I have enjoyed myself so much."Mrs. Gray had been an eager listener, and the Elder could tell by her looks and actions that the Lord had at least one convert in that house.

After our Elder retired to his warm bedroom, he kneeled and poured out his heartfelt thanks to the Lord for His kindness to him in answer to prayer.

"Had I not given that dollar,"he mused, "to that poor boy I would now have been sleeping in a poor hotel, doing no one any good and with no prospect of an opening in this citv.

But as it is, that dollar has given food and fire to the starving and freezing ones this cold night, and I have true friends and a rich home as long as I want it, or so it appears now, with a prospect of getting the court house in which to preach. Above all. however, an honest heart is converted to the gospel truths as revealed through the Prophet Joseph."How much more good will come from giving all he had to the poor and putting his whole trust in

God, remains to be seen.

We leave the Elder to enjoy his warm, downy bed and pleasant dreams and peep in at the Rose familvKen.

( To be continued.)

IDEAL MANHOOD.

SOME SUGGESTIONS AliOUT IT IV.

ACCORDING to my notion children should be given an allowance of money which they can use according to their own inclinations, directed, of course, by thesuperior wisdom of their parents.

The amount thus bestowed need not be large.

There are some families which have very little means.

Yet we think there are very few cases, indeed, where children could not be allowed one cent a day.

And this amount, small though it is, will encourage within them thoughts and actions which in after life result in great good.

They should be taught that the sum given to them is not alone for the purchase of candy or other things that attract children, but which are useless and sometimes injurious to them, but is to be used in some way which they will not be ashamed to report to their parents.

At stated times it would be well for the parents to inquire in what way the means thus given are devoted, giving encouragement where proper application is made of the means, and administering gentle rebuke where carelessness or follv is exhibited.

An allowance being given, children should be required to pay a certain portion of the money received for charitable purposes. The principle of tithing can thus be inculcated in the child's mind, and the blessings which the observance of that principle, as well as that of donating to the poor, will be realized by children even frum their earliest years.

Make it the rule that the children are to carry their own donations and tithings to the Bishop, and thus receive from him the encouragement which every wise Bishop will give to the little ones, who in this manner show an interest in the work of God.

One little fellow whose parents allowed him between the age of six and ten years the amount of one cent per day for his personal management, and thereafter increased the amount to two cents per day, made the following very creditable distribution of the small sum:

Sunday's portion was devoted to charitable purposes, and under no circumstances did he use any portion of that amount for personal gratification.

Monday's allowance went into the savings bank.

Tuesday's was devoted to the necessities of dress, enabling him to buy a pair of gloves, a necktie, or something of this character which he might need during the year.

The long time it required to save a sufficient amount to purchase any small article of wearing apparel made him very careful in his selection and its use after the purchase had been made.

Wednesday's cent was devoted to the purchase of some article for his amusement, such as marbles, kite string, top, or other such trifle which he might fancy.

This day's money was also used, sometimes for candy, or other things that gratified the taste.

Thursday's portion was placed in the fund for the purchase of birthday or Christmas gifts for members of the family.

Friday's part was used in the purchase of books or other things that afforded instruction. Saturday's money formed an emergency fund for whatever might attract the fancy of the boy, and for which no provision was made in the means received on the other six days.

The fear may be expressed that such a system might result in too much method for a child, making him a mere automaton, instead of a thinking, free, intelligent being, but there is certainly some training necessary for the youthful mind to place it in a condition to best accomplish life's labors.

The greater portion of the troubles which fall to mortals in financial affairs is due to a

IDEAL MANHOOD.

lack of method and order, which principles should have been taught in the early life.

Such a training as this boy received will be invaluable to him in his business affairs in after life.

Children should be taught the danger of debt, that they may avoid it.

The habit of borrowing should not be tolerated.

They should be instructed to take care of what they have, and when they do not possess everything they want, to restrain their inclination, until they can, by their own economy or exertions, obtain what they desire.

While I am in favor of giving allowances to children,

I am, nevertheless impressed with the necessity of of teaching them how to earn means with which to gratify their desires.

Both boys and girls should be given the privilege by their parents of earning something about the home.

For instance a boy should receive some financial encouragement in caring for stock.

If he can by his efforts increase the flow of milk from the cow by regularity in milking or care in feeding, he might derive some financial benefit therefrom.

Boys and girls could care tor chickens and derive a certain percentage of profit arising from the sale of fowls and eggs.

Pigs could be fattened by the the children, with the understanding that their care would result in a certain proportion of the money received from the sale of the hogs.

Little plots of ground could be cultivated by the children, they to obtain benefit from the sale of the products, and thus in many ways the principle of self-help could be infused in the tender m'nds of these little ones resulting in great good to themselves and their kindred in future years.

With all my views, however, as to the bestowal of means upon the children in the ways indicated,

I am nevertheless strongly opposed to bribery in any form.

Gifts of money or other desirable articles, in order to obtain peace or obedience in the family, are very destructive to correct principles.

Parents should never say:

"Now, I will give you this or that,"or, "take you here or there,"in order to encourage obedience; for this makes obedience merely a commercial transaction, and creates an impression within the child that all he needs to do in order to have his wishes gratified, is to be stubborn or cross, and the bribe is sure to follow.

Nevertheless, parents should not utter commands with harshness, or without having some good reason for thus giving orders.

Sometimes children are dull of comprehension and fail to understand the reasons for the requests which their parents make.

Of course thev should yield obedience, regardless of their lack of knowledge concerning the object sought.

It is, however, sometimes evidence of the greatest wisdom on the part of parents to explain to their children the reasons they have for requiring certain things, by which means confidence and a love are established between parents and children, which increase with the flight of time.

Another thing which should be avoided, is the bare suspicion on the part of the child that rt can turn for sympathy from one parent to another.

Far better to allow the child to be unjustly treated, than for the idea to ever enter its mind that it can appeal from the decision of one parent to another.

One man of my acquaintance sought occasion more than once to justly reprove his wife for her improper chastisement of her children, but never has he done so in their presence, but always when the husband and wife were alone.

The result is that the children never expect any encouragement in disobedience from the father, even when the mother has unwisely reproved them.

Children are naturally imitative.

We can frequently see the actions or older people, with whom they have associated, repeated in the lives

IDEAL MANHOOD.

little ones.

This?

fact should be strongly impressed upon the minds of mothers who are in daily association with their children, so that their every action and word, may bear the stamp of modesty, kindness and love.

Even when children cannot understand the words which their parents utter to them, they follow the examples which are presented.

The followtng statement concerning the mother of Oliver

Cromwell, may well be considered by every mother in Israel:

"Left a widow,'with a number of small children depending upon her, she carried on her husband's business successfully, educating her children and exercising over them a discipline, which wisely combined restraint and liberty.

From his mother, the Lord Protector inherited a patience, candor and simplicity, which so conspicuously distinguished him.

From her teaching he acquired the courage, persistence and decision which triumphed on the fields of Naseby and Dunbar, and gained him supremacy in every contest.

Cromwell was proud to install his mother—the widow of a Huntingdon brewer—in Whitehall, the home of the English kings;

but amid her magnificent surroundings, she retained her natural simplicity, rejecting all personal pomp, and imploring a quiet burial in the humble, country'churchyard.

A short time before her death she blessed her son in these words:

"May the Lord cause His face to shine upon thee and comfort thee, and encourage thee to do great things for Hisglorv, and to be a relief unto His people.

My dear son, I leave my heart with thee."The following beautiful incident was related by Yeataso Okano, a Japanese, which may illustrate better than any words of mine, the effect of a mother's example upon her child:

"Once upon a time, there lived in a little hamlet in Japan, a young couple.

They had one child, a beautiful little girl, whom they both loved very dearly.

It came to pass that while the child was still a baby, that the father was obliged to take a long journey to a far distant city.

It was too far for him to take his wife and child, so he left them at home and traveled alone.

In that great city he saw many new things which, having lived in the peaceful little hamlet up among the mountains all his life, he had never seen before.

He desired to take home to his wife some of these new things, which seemed to him so wonderful.

And the most wonderful thing he could take, it seemed to him, was a mirror.

He wished to take home to his wife the pleasure and surprise he had witnessed when he first looked into a mirror.

So he took one home to her.

When he arrived home he gave the present to his wife, and for the first time she looked into a mirror.

"'What do you see?'her husband asked.

"She replied:

I declare!

I see a very pretty woman; she wears her hair just as I do mine, and she smiles and moves her lips as though she were talking to me.'"Her husband told her that the mirror was a present to her, and he hoped she would use it every day.

But the wife thought it far too beautiful and rare and costly a gift to use every day;

so she put it carefully away and never spoke about it to the little daughter, who grew more beautiful and more like her mother every day.

"By and by a great misfortune fell upon that little household.

The wife and mother fell sick and it was soon evident she must die.

As she lay upon her deathbed she called her little daughter to her and told her that she was going to lose her mother forever.

She could point to no future life after death, in which they should be reunited.

But in the love and simplicity of her heart she

IDEAL MANHOOD.

did the best she could she told her daughter about the wonderful mirror.

"'After I am dead,'she said, 'take down that box and look into the mirror that it contains.

There you will see my face.

And I want you to look into the mirror every day, that you may never forget your mother and that you may grow like me, more and more, every day.'"So the mother died.

The little girl did as she had been told, and in the wonderful mirror she thought she could see her mother's face, young and beautiful, not as she had seen her, pale and ill as she lay dying but fair and fresh as she looked before the fatal illness.

And the little girl looked into the mirror every day, and thought of her mother and her many lovely ways;

and so it came about that she grew to be more and more like her mother as the years went by.

The ambition of every mother should be to see her character and virtues reflected in the lives of her children.

Deception should be banished from every household.

Parenrs sometimes excuse themselves for misleading their children; but it is better far to reason a child into doing a thing against his will, or to even force him to do it, than to deceive him into the performance of any requirement.

Children are sometimes punished for telling falsehoods, when, were the cause of the deception found, it would lie with the parents, who have, by their own prevarications, taught their children to be untruthful.

If a promise of any kind is given to a child, it should be most carefully fulfilled, or the reasons for it not being done, if it is impossible of fulfillment, be explained in detail to the little one, so that his confidence may be retained.

Parents, too, should be strictly just to their children, and if they make mistakes in the treatment of their offspring, they should not be above apologizing for the wrong they have done.

Children will thus learn to place implicit trust in the justice and integrity of their parents.

One prominent brother in the Church, whose family is the model of excellence, once discovered that he had wrongfully chastised a child for a supposed offense.

No sooner did he learn the fact, than he went to the little fellow and humbly asked his forgiveness for his mistake.

The boy cried and begged his father to say no more about it;

for it hurt him more to have his father ask his forgiveness than to receive the blows which had been administered.

A very beautiful instance of humility is related of Professor Blackie, an eminent Scotch professor.

Blackie was lecturing to a new class, with the members of which he was imperfectly acquainted.

A student arose with his book in his left hand.

"Sir,"thundered Blackie, "hold your book in your right hand."As the student was about to reply, he continued:

"No words, your right hand, I say.

The student held up his right arm, ending piteously at the wrist: "I hae nae right hand,"he said.

Before Blackie could open his lips there arose such a storm of hisses as one, perhaps, one must go to Edinburgh to hear, and by which his voice was overcome.

Then the professor left his place and went down to the student he had unwittingly hurt, and put his arms around the boy's shoulders, drew him close to him: "My boy, "he said, and he spoke very softly, but every word was audible in the house.

"My boy, you will forgive me that I was over rough.

I did not know!

I did not know!"He turned to his students and with a look and tone inspired by his great heart, he said, "And let me say to you all, I am rejoiced to be shown that I am teaching a class of gentlemen."Moral courage is a trait which

2l6 IDEAL MANHOOD.

should form an important part in every boy's character.

A courage to do what is right, regardless of the frowns or sneers of men; a courage to maintain principle even though standing alone in a scoffing crowd; a courage to shun evil associates, however popular they may be; and a courage to serve God and seek Him under any and all circumstances is what the ideal man needs.

In an English book called "Five Years of Penal Servitude,"the writer, who had himself been a convict, tells an incident he saw at Dartmoor prison.

By good behavior he had caused himself to be transferred from his solitary cell to a large hall where he found sixty-seven other convicts, whose obedience to prison regulations had also gained for them the privilege of associating in a common room.

On his first night in the hall he was agreeably surprised to see a display of moral courage on the part of some convicts which commanded the respect of their companions.

Just before bed time a bell sounded and the men stood up in two rows facing each other.

The warden called out:

"Those who wish to say their prayers, step to the rear.

Silence and order for prayers."Who will have the courage, thought the convict who relates the incident, to face the sneers and jokes, and kneel before this crowd of criminals.

To his surprise sixteen convicts stepped to the rear and for five minutes engaged in silent prayer.

Not a word;

not even a look from the unkneeling ones sneered at the bowed men.

Every night and morning duringhis stay at the hall there were some convicts, who, when the order was given, "Silence for prayers,"bowed in humble submission before the Lord.

Never did the most hardened prisoner utter a disparaging word.

Some of them had been in prison again and again, and seemingly loved crime for its own sake.

Others were as brutal and ignorant as savages.

Scarcely one of them would have endured a five minutes'conversation from a minister of the Gospel without ridiculing him.

Yet, they knew a brave deed when they saw one, and bad as they were, could not help respecting the man who had courage to kneel in their presence, and say, "Our Father which art in Heaven, forgive us our trespasses."The incident suggests the respectcompelling-power of moral courage and should be remembered by the young, who in the presence of companions, are often tempted to omit their customary devotions.

The surest way to win respect is to do quietly what ought to be done.

Simplex.

The animals to whom nature has given the faculty we call cunning know always when to use it, and use it wisely; but when man descends to cunning he blunders and betrays.

He who unintelligently attempts what is beyond his power must leave undone his own proper work, and thus his time is wasted be he ever so closely occupied.

Blunders that have hindered us may prove helps to our progress, if they are used arfght.

By disclosing to us our weakness and our dangers, they may incite us to better and wiser endeavors in the future.

But if we are to gain by our losses, we must look forward and not backward.

As soon as we see where we have been at fault in any particular way we must turn away from that error, without stopping to worry over it, and must press on all the more earnestly because of our lost time.

Not until we reach the end of our lifecourse will it do for us to sit down and grieve that we have made so little progress.

As long as there is any portion of the course to be traversed, our business is to be traversing it.

LOVE AND

TRUTH.

A TALE OF THE MEXICAN WAR.

CHAPTER I.

In one of the outgoing trains from New York, bound for British Columbia, via Niagara Falls, sat a middle-aged gentleman, whom one would involuntarily look at twice.

His ample proportions, pleasing, open countenance and broad intellectual brow, crowned by a mass of dark, curly hair, not untouched by the mark of care and time, stamped him at once as the athlete and the scholar;

and more than all, the idea of the true gentleman was borne in upon the observer.

This, kind reader, was Dr.

Melvoure, en route for a pleasure trip to his old Canadian home on the shores of Lake Ontario, after an absence of many years, in which he had been studying and then practicing medicine in New York.

The summer season had been unusually trying, and he felt that a brief season of meandering in the grand old forests surrounding his early home, would afford him a much needed change and the required rest for his winter's work.

This longedfor vacation he was now about to enjoy.

The doctor had, from his youth, been an ardent student and a helpful friend to suffering humanity.

He was a devoted lover of truth, beauty and goodness, which in his profession he often ran across, in the most unexpected manner, and the least frequented ways.

"How do you do, doctor?"exclaimed a tall, slender gentleman, who came sauntering through the train.

"Very well, J thank you,"returned the doctor; "And how are you?

Have a seat, if you have not company elsewhere.

Glad to have you join me.""Thank you,"said the divine, for such he was.

"I will do so, with pleasure, as traveling alone is rather dull.

Where are you bound for, doctor?""Canada; my old home.""Oh, indeed; glad to hear it, as I go as far as the Falls, so shall have your company all the way.

How goes the world with you doctor?""Well, taking matters all round, I may say it behaves very fairly to me.

Yet I am a little troubled just now, regarding my son.

You know Congress has empowered the President to call for some fifty thousand volunteers, to reinforce the troops in Mexico—disgraceful business that Mexican war—and I fear my son will offer himself as one to go down there to be butchered by those Mexicans.""Can you not remonstrate with him?""Oh, I have tried remonstrance, but he is so imbued with the idea that it is his duty, that remonstrance has not its usual weight.

Now, it he was called to fight for the inalienable rights of his countrymen, or even to preserve them from the onslaughts of a savage foe, I could buckle on his sword with resignation, and send him forth with a father's blessing.

But with these aggressive conflicts, provoked for the extension of territory—which cost the country tens of thousands of her noble sons, and millions of her money—I must confess that I have not much sympathy.""You are in the right of it,"I believe doctor; though it does appear that God delivers our foes into our hands, just as He did the Canaanites into the hands of ancient Israel.

By the way, doctor—pardon for changing the subject—thinking of ancient Israel and prophets, brought to mind—have you heard of the doctrines of this new sect called Mormons, who are being expelled, and rightly, too, from Illinois?"

LOVE AND TRUTH.

"I have, indeed, heard of such a people, and of a beautiful city, Nauvoo, which they have built to the credit of the State;

but as to their doctrines, I am still uninformed, yet should hope that no community of United States citizens could be expelled from their homes, unless they were thieves and outlaws; and even then, the charge should be lawfully proven against them before any such unprecedented measures were instituted.""I see,"said the minister, "you do not know anything about the pernicious body of impostors.

Why, man alive, they believe that old Joe Smith, their founder, was a chosen prophet—saw angels, and received direct revelations from heaven.

He actually imposed on his followers to the extent that they believe the miserable Spaulding story, about the aborigines of America, was given to him by an angel who, generations ago, hid it in one of the New York hills.

He claimed that it was written in strange Egyptian or Hebrew characters, which he translated by means of two seer stones, also given to him by the same wonderful person.

Now, did you ever hear of such an imposture being introduced in an enlightened community and age?

The absurdity of the thing is quite apparent, for he had never been educated for the ministry; in fact he was illiterate and ignorant.

How could he presume, I wonder, to know anything about the word and will of God, when there are educated ministers all over the land.

Beside, such manifestations are done away.

They are not now necessary.

"Is this prophet, of whom you speak, still living?""No, indeed; a mob at Carthage, put an end to him, some three years ago.

They could not endure his blasphemy any longer.""How dreadful!"exclaimed the doctor, to the profound astonishment of his companion.

"If any tangible charge was proven against him—

which you have not mentioned—he should have been handled by the law, and not been left to the mercies of a mob.

This is professedly a free country, guaranteeing religious liberty to all; and so long as the beliet and practice of any sect does not interfere with the rights of others, it should be protected in the free exercise of these privileges.

'Tis my opinion that these mobbings which are becoming so frequent, wherein heated, unreasoning vengeanceseekers are allowed to take the law into their own hands, will, if not checked, bring into disrepute, the now honored nation with its grand institutions.'"But he was an imposter, "interrupted the minister, "and so are his followers, whom the Illinois people declare to be a nuisance.

For my part, I am right glad that there are people who have courage enough to take such matters into their own, hands and help the law out a little, in ridding the earth of such abominations."The minister had by this time worked himself up into a passion on this pet theme, and was evidently much chagrined that he had not found a congenial spirit in the person of the doctor.

His last remark provoked no reply from his companion who, observing the bitter prejudice of the man and the spirit of persecution which he had so plainly manifested through his conversation, was shocked at, and disappointed in one whom he had considered the soul of piety and a servant of God.

Silence had now fallen upon them, for each was busy with his own thoughts.

Finally the minister, making the audible observation that it was late and time to retire, excused himself and departed.

The Falls were reached the next morning before daybreak, when he left the train, and the doctor saw him no more.

LOVE AND TRUTH.

Without further molestation or controversy, save that which went on in his own active mind regarding the great questions of the hour, our traveler reached his destination. Two happy weeks passed swiftly by while he fished in the streams climbed the hills, and hunted in the autumnal forests of his boyhood's home. How his soul rejoiced in the surpassing loveliness and grandeur of scenes, which to his memory had grown most dear through the loved associations of a happy youthtime!

The change had greatly benefited him, proving once again the efficacy of his pet prescription—that entire change of scene and occupation is nature's own tonic for the weary and worn.

As he sat at the breakfast table one morning in the home of a dear old friend, thinking that he must soon quit these pleasant scenes and pastimes, the postman brought him a letter which decided the termination of his visit.

It was from his son, and read as follows "New York, Sept 1st, '47.

'My Dear Father:

'I am very sorry that what I consider my duty to my country necessitates the violation of your wishes but I feel that when a nation like the United States calls for volunteers to protect her rights and her honor, or even to extend her boundaries, which is simply blessing more of the human race, in sheltering and protecting them by the floating 'Stars and Stripes,'I say when she makes this call, I feel that her sons should rally round this flag without hesitation, or fear of the consequences to themselves.

"Feeling this way, I, with several of the other boys, have enlisted, and expect to start for in two days.

I must not forget to tell you that my sweet Mary, whom I had hoped to soon claim as my bride, has become so infatuated with a new and!

strange religion—Mormonism I believe it is called—that I cannot get her to promise that she will ever marry me.

And what is worse, she talks of going away to that uninhabited region, California, whither some friends of hers went some time ago with a company of these Mormons.

I am all undone, which is anothe'r reason why I may as well go to the assistance of my country, and prove myself not a coward whether I shall stand or fall.

'Of course mother is dreadfully opposed to it, but mothers always are yet it is my greatest trial to leave her in tears.

However, I shall get Mary to go and comfort her when

I am gone.

'I should like very much to see you before starting, but suppose that cannot be.

'Trusting that you will not consider me wanting in respect for your wishes, and with my most sincere gratitude, "I am, your affectionate son,

Percy Melvoure. "The Doctor was too thoroughly acquainted with his son's disposition to think of trying to prevent him from carrying this scheme into effect, now that he had thoroughly made up his mind to it.

He was fully aware that it was a trouble to Percy not to have his full approval in the ma;ter.

Besides, he was of age, full of ambition and love of adventure; "and,"thought Dr. Melvoure, "if he is so set on going, I can but pray kind Providence to spare his life; and he may learn through the trials incident to a military campaign, some wholesome, though hard lesson which will be invaluable to him through his after years."It was with these reflections in mind that he packed his valise and prepared to return to New York, that he might see and speak with Percy before his departure and send

LOl'K AND TRUTH with him his good wishes and his prayers.

The train would not start lor some hours; so he sought once more his favorite haunt, the wood near by; for the sweet sounds of nature had for this man a soothing power and an inspirational whispering which he never could fully enjoy in the crowded thoroughfares of the busy city.

He reveled in the ripple of the«waves upon the shore, in the rustling foliage stirred by the autumn zephyrs.

Hill and valley, lake and stream, with the multitudinous life sustained therem, possessed for him a melting charm, which more than ever opened his heart and mind, making him peculiarly susceptible to good impressions

Forgetting the outside world with its care and perplexities, he sat down on the stump of an old tree, to meditate and commune with his own soul—the soul of a poet that only lacked expression.

Unconsciously he rose from his position to rescue some loose leaves from a book which were being carried hither and thither by the breeze, returning with them to his rustic seat, while he mechanically scanned their contents.

At first he was half unconscious of their purport, but he soon sensed that in them was an all-important subject, ably and originally treated.

His attention was now fairly engaged; and he read and reread with increasing interest as the great truths therein contained penetrated his understanding.

From the shadows which the sun now cast he guessed that the day must be advancing, and consulting his watch found that it lacked but half an hour to train time; so putting this precious missive in his pocket for future study, he hastened to bid his old friends adieu and board the train.

CHAPTER II.

In a cosy parlor of a substantial New York residence sat two ladies.

The older was of rather less than middle age, while the younger was a maiden of nineteen.

The older lady was of medium height, possessing classical features, dark, wavy hair, drawn loosely back from a rather low, though broad forehead, a rich, olive complexion and large, dark, dreamy eyes, the chief charm of that charming face.

Mrs. Melvoure had evidently been a beauty of the Southern type, in her youth, and still retained her charms although the bloom had disappeared.

The maiden, a New England girl, was tall and slender;

complexion, neither blonde nor brunette, yet possessing an almost transparent skin on which the bloom of young maidenhood shone in perfection.

Her face was oval and her features regular;

thin lips firmly closed plainly told the observer that when her mind was once made up, it would be hard, indeed, to dissuade her from her purpose.

Like the older lady, her chief charm was her eyes—dark, grey blue, and so full of soul that one had but to receive one tender glance from beneath their long, shading lashes, to sense the sincerity and spirituality of their possessor.

Mary Varnon was an orphan who, when but eight years of age.

had been adopted by her mother's brother, Squire Clinton, and his childless wife.

At first the child's life with the old people was very lonely, but as they exerted themselves in every way to make her happy, she had felt from an innate sense of duty, that she must try and be contented and pleased for their sake.

When Mary was sixteen years old, the Squire's business called him to New York, where they had resided ever since.

There Mary had completed her education, and a year before the opening of this story had become engaged to Percy Melvoure.

Life glided on smoothly and peacefully as a summer's dream, until the sound of the Gospel attracted the attention of their idol, and she

LOVE AND TRUTH.

embraced its sublime truths with her whole soul.

Then the change came—Mary was no longer petted and trusted, though they knew she was still the soul of honor and filial affection;

yet, in their anxiety, lest she should meet some of those horrid people, and be induced by them to go west, they had her steps dogged and her every movement spied.

The old Squire had "no patience with such religious fanaticism,"as he called it.

The old creed had been good enough for all of his ancestors, and he guessed they ought to be good enough for himself and family.

He thought that by treating Mary as he did he would soon succeed in breaking her of those foolish ideas.

Alas! How little he comprehended the strength and endurance of an earnest soul convinced of the truth.

But we have wandered from the cosy parlor.

"My dearest Mary,"said Mrs.

Melvoure, "I believe if you had consented to marry Percy very sc on, he would not have gone on this hazardous expedition."

There was a shade of reproach in the tone of the lady which Mary felt keenly, yet compassionately.

"Dear Mrs.

Melvoure,"she replied, "I am indeed sorry that Percy has gone, and especially grieve that you view the matter in this light.

But you know my whole train of thought and ambitions is entirely changed of late, and though I love Percy as fondly as I ever did, God alone knows what the future may bring about, yet believing and feeling as I do, I could not do other than I have done.

But cheer up, dear friend, who knows but that the overruling providence of our Father is leading him to a something which may be for his eternal welfare, the hymn says:

"God moves in a mysterious wayHis wonders to perform.

Why not, as the same hymn advises "Trust Him for His grace.

''To us all it seems quite unaccountable that he should be so set, in this instance, against your and the Doctor's most urgent entreaties.

Let me believe that all will be well; putting our trust in the God of Israel to bring our 1oved one safely to us again."Mrs. Melvoure had always suspected that there was a strong religious undercurrent in the nature of her prospective daughter-in-law, but this unexpected burst of sentiment, more than astonished her.

She looked at Mary with this surprise plainly depicted on her countenance and laying her hand affectionately on the young girl's shoulder said:

"Mary, dear, what has come over you?

You speak as one might expect to have heard a Hebrew maiden of long ago.

Nevertheless, your words have rekindled hope in my heart and taken from me the dread which I before felt.

Surely your God is very tangible and faith inspiring.

Where, Mary, do you obtain this assurance?""The God of Israel,"replied Mary, "the true and living God is my God.

He tells us in the Scriptures that 'He is the same yesterday, today and forever.'He was nigh unto His children in the ages that are passed, quickly hearing their cries and speedily coming to their relief.

He sustained them in time of trial, guiding and directing them in all their ways so long as they trusted in Him and sought His spirit.

Why should He not be as ready to hear our prayers and guide our footsteps, it we worship Him in spirit and in truth?

Yes, I know He will be, for I have proven Him.

But if you would gain for yourself this blessed assurance, you must have a correct understanding of God; of His person and attributes, His will and purpose regarding the destiny of the human family.

And now, dear friend, I see that you are interested in these all-important things; and have unconsciously paved the way for me to introduce that

LOVE AND

J'Rt'T/J.

which I have long prayed you might receive—that which is nearest to my heart and has so influenced my recent conduct.

At this juncture the conversation was interrupted by the announcement of callers; but not before Mary had time to say, "You must come with me where you can learn more of these things."And her friend had replied that she would.

The guests being ushered in, Mary soon took her leave, being entirely too excited and overjoyed at the prospect of her most earnest wishes being realized, to stop and talk of minute nothings with the visitors.

She longed to be in the open air free from intrusion and the inquisitive gaze of mere acquaintances who were not likely to understand her as she hoped Mrs. Melvoure did.

She felt that she needed room to rejoice and let her spirit soar in thanksgiving to God for the turn the conversation had taken, and the softening of her friend's heart to receive what she had imparted.

Like her ancestors, Mary's soul burned with religious fervor; yet with a beauty and breadth of thought which they never dreamed of.

She loved Percy Melvoure with all the strength of her intense nature and the depth of a young heart.

No one might guess the anguish it had cost her to say him nay when he pressed her to name the wedding day.

But the new found joy of religion and the duty it entailed were dearer to her than even his ardent love;

and apprehending that a disbelieving husband might materially interfere with her performance of her duty to God, she had made up her mind not to put herself in that position just at present.

Not, at any rate, while Percy manifested such an indifference to religious matters, as he had done ever since she had known him.

Yet, as she walked home this afternoon she reproached herself lor not having presented the Gospel to him; though, to do her justice, he had never seemed prepared to receive any kind of spiritual instruction and never gave her the least shadow of an opportunity to open up the subject.

Knowing, however, that he was morally pure, full of humanity and kind action, possessing clear ideas of justice and right, she was willing to wait and trust to providence to turn his thoughts in the channel of spirituality and prepare him for the reception of Gospel light.

She never ceased to pray that this might be the case; and cheerfully believed that his present venture would hasten the consummation of her desire.

For though she did not feel at liberty to cast her lot with his under existing circumstances, he was still her heart's hero and she could not give him up.

CHAPTER III.

The volunteers being summoned on shorter orders than Percy anticipated, his departure was made necessary before his father's return.

For this change in the program he was truly sorry, as he had felt almost sure his father would be back in time to see him go.

Now, however, this could not be, and he sadly missed the blessing which he always felt in the kindly grasp of his father's hand.

He was a little uncertain, too, as to how deeply his course would affect his parent, and longed to glean from those kind eyes or the characteristic twitching of that expressive mouth, that he was not wounded in feelings.

There had always existed between this father and son the greatest confidence and affection;

for, though Percy was sometimes headstrong and fond of his own way, he was always quick to confess his faults, and had a generous, forgiving disposition.

Presumably for this reason there had never grown up between them a barrier of reserve and misunderstanding as is so frequently the case.

LOVE AND TRITH

Percy's love of adventure had led him into many a youthful dilemma;

and even when manhood had overtaken him, the love of new scenes and stirring adventures was still strong within him.

He was tall and well-proportioned, had dark, curly hair and laughing, brown eyes, whose kindly expression was most winning;

while his frank, open countenance and cheerful, gentlemanly manner, secured for him the friendship of many.

He had received a liberal education, and entered the profession of surveying.

Taking an affectionate adieu of his mother, whom he left in tears and dejection, he had hastened to Mary, his heart's idol, for the blessing he knew she would bestow.

Brave, womanly soul;

she had smothered in the deep recesses of her heart, the anguish she felt at the separation, and endeavored, with assumed light-heartedness, to cheer and admonish him.

How he felt the influence of her pure spirit thrill his whole being, giving his aspirations an upward flight and making his love doubly strong!

"My angel Mary; my precious, guiding star, "* he whispered, as he pressed her to his heart.

But gently releasing herself, she clasped his right hand in hers and stood before him with downcast eyes and timid grace.

He noticed a curious shade come over her face as she did this, and knew that something would follow.

"Percy, my beloved,"she said, "whatever may happen before we meet again, remember that my heart is all yours; and my prayers for your safety and welfare shall be unceasing.

But I beseech you, in the hour of temptation and trial, to let your own heart and voice join with mine in supplication to our Father.

Forget not to seek His aid and guidance.

May heaven bless and keep you.

Good-bve!"Like a flash she had raised his hand to her lips, and was gone.

Percy went on his way, strengthened and inspired.

And all through the long, weary marches and fehe sickening scenes of battle which followed, the virgin beauty, the saintly grace, and the earnest pleading of the loved one, were a source of inspiration and a star of hope.

It was after these adieus had been said and he was gone, that the events recorded in the preceding chapter occurred.

Dr.

Melvoure, returning home some little time after, was surprised and gratified to find his wife so resigned to her loss, and hopeful for a reunion in the near future.

He having previously learned of his son^s sudden departure, quite dreaded to witness the effect which he feared it would have on her.

In questioning her about the preparations, the final start, her feelings regarding the event, etc., she frankly told him that she had been well-nigh heartbroken about it, until "our good angel Mary, came and comforted me.""What a sweet girl she is,"said Mrs. Melvoure, "and what a heavenly influence she has with her.

Do you know, Claude, there has something new and strangely divine come over her of late. Why, she spoke to me like some inspired Hebrew prophetess regarding Percy, which seemed to take away all my fear for him.

She acknowledges that something new has come into her life, and was about to tell me what it was when we were interrupted by Mrs.

Blair and daughter, who came to discuss tea parties and fashions.

You may judge that I was disappointed."Dr.

Melvoure remembered what Percy had written regarding Mary and Mormonism, and the idea struck him that perhaps she had gotten some power of witchery from that order; but no sooner had the thought birth, than it was banished, for he

LOVE AND TRUTH

loved Mary as his own daughter, and believed that if any were under the special guidance of heaven, they would be such as she.

He did not, however, voice his thoughts nor mention anything about the Mormons to his wife, but asked when Mary would be at the house again, as he should like to see her.

It was his intention to find out whether she could not throw some light on the origin of those book leaves he had found.

CHAPTER IV.

Let us now transfer our imagination to the rugged wilds of the far west, and follow our hero for a short time.

He had borne with cheerful courage the long, weary marches across the broad country and the numerous minor trials incident to a military expedition.

In time he found himself in the ancient city of Santa Fe among thousands of his countrymen en route for the south and west.

Before leaving Fort Leavenworth he made the acquaintance of a young soldier, whose friendship he now highly prized.

In fact, from their first meeting there existed a mutual attachment.

This friend, Percy had discovered, was a Mormon, and by dint of inoffensive questioning he had learned much of the history of that people the origin of the sect, its persecutions and mobbings, down to the expulsion of the Saints from their beautiful city of Nauvoo, the proposed exodus to the west and the test which had been put to their loyalty by the calling of the Battalion.

The wrongs and injustice which he was quick to see they had suffered kindled in his manly heart the strongest feelings of indignation.

"What,"he would say, when his friend would be relating some outrage that had been heaped upon his people, "are such things really permitted in this boasted land of freedom?

How could your people endure such injustice without retaliating?

They must, indeed, be possessed of divine forbearance and endurance."

His sympathies were fully enlisted by the much injured people, and he felt that if it were ever in his power to in any way help them he would gladly champion their cause.

He had also learned much of their belief and did not now wonder why

Mary, with her spiritual tendency, had become so zealous in this cause.

He had at first been led to inquire into it because Mary was interested;

but now he found that it possessed an attraction in and of itself.

Day after day the friends would join each other and talk of these matters, exchanging confidence and sympathy, until a genuine friendship had sprung up between them.

Percy was, therefore, sorry, as was his friend, when he learned that the company to which he belonged, \vas to march under General Doniphan, to join the volunteers under General Wool at Saltillo;

while his Mormon friend was to march with the

Battalion under General Kearney to the Pacific Coast.

After this distribution of troops had been determined upon, Percy thought he would confide in his friend something regarding the subject which lay nearest to his heart.

So he told him that he was engaged to a young lady, Mary Varnon by name, who had, nearly a year before, joined the Mormon Church, and that she talked very seriously of going to California to join the body of the people.

He added, "If she does go to that country, old fellow, you can look for me out that way just as soon as my time in the service expires.

But lest she gets there before I do, I will give into your keeping the sacred charge of befriending her.

Here,''said he, "let us make a contract; and it shall be a bond of friendship between us.

I pledge myself to champion the

LOVE AND TRUTH.

cause of your people, and you promise to be good to my Mary until I come.""Agreed!"said the other.

"But,"quickly put in Percy, "don't you fall in love with her, old fellow, for remember, she is mine."And so they parted.

No sooner had Percy given this admonition to his lriend, than he began to be tormented with the apprehension that such might really be the case.

"Was she not the loveliest creature in the world?

Who could help falling in love with her?

What a fool he had been to say anylhing about her; much more to commission another fellow to search her whereabouts and wait upon her.

Had he not run risks enough in leaving her as he had done, without thrusting the attentions of this fine young fellow upon her, whom he was sure was far more worthy of her love than he was; and a member of her own Church, too, which would, no doubt, turn the balance in his favor?"etc., etc.

These tormenting thoughts surged through his mind over and over again, until he was in a perfect fever of anxiety and self-reproach.

His only consolation was in the hope that they would not meet, and in the reassuring words of his Mary, uttered in the hour of separation.

He repeated them over and over again, to drive from his brain the hateful idea which had so strongly taken possession of him.

O!

the heights and the depths;

the intense woe or the ecstatic bliss;

of the youthful heart, in its delirious dream of love!

The troops had marched across country from Santa Fe, passing through many weird and picturesque scenes and quaint Mexican villages, where the inhabitants came out en masse to gaze at the brilliant array, but turned away much disappointed that a foe so great in battle, should be dressed in nothing more gorgeous than dark blue regimentals.

Then came the real conflict at Chihuahua, in which General Doniphan's comparatively small force captured the city with its forty thousand inhabitants.

Here Percy gained his first experience of the horrors ol war, as well as his first taste of the glories of conquest.

All these scenes and incidents ministered to his adventure-loving spirit;

but they also broadened his sympathies and increased his appreciation of life with its privileges and obligations.

General Doniphan's division had now reached Saltillo, where General

Wool, as inspector-general of the army, was drilling volunteers and raw recruits.

To answer an urgent dispatch from General Taylor at Victoria, who was expecting to meet the Mexican general, Santa Anna, with his twenty thousand troops, General Wool left Saltillo with a reinforcement which soon joined General Taylor's division, and the whole force, only five thousand strong, took its position in the mountain pass of Angostura, near Buena Vista.

One member of that small army was our hero.

Several months had now elapsed since his enlistment, during which time he had received but one letter from Mary.

Not knowing exactly where he might be sent, she had duplicated her letters sending one to each of the three divisions, so that arriving at Saltillo, Percy had been rejoiced to find one awaiting him.

In this she had told him of her uncle's persistent refusal to let her join the body of the Saints; he had even forbidden her attending any of their meetings, and threatened to have her put in the insane asylum it she persisted in indulging in such "crazy notions"as he called her belief.

So she was forced to be silent and prudent lest he should carry his threat into execution.

She said nothing about going to California, but hinted that she should

2 26 LOVE AND TRUTH find some way of escape ere long.

This letter had greatly perplexed and worried him.

How would she try to evade that stern uncle's vigilance?

She had no means at her command to carry out any kind of a scheme; yet he felt that she must have some plan in her mind or she would not have spoken as she did.

However, in the midst ol these perplexities he was heartily glad that she had not declared her intention of going to California.

Thoughts upon these subjects had been chasing each other through his brain, off and on, ever since receiving the letter, and were not satisfactorily disposed of when the troops drew up before the foe.

CHAPTER V.

Up from behind tall, sheltering peaks, rose the sun in all its glory, lighting up with golden splendor the rugged pass ot Angostura, and revealing in the embrace of that mountain fastness, the glittering artillery ot two contesting forces.

It was the twenty-second of February—a day both honored and blessed by every true-born son and daughter of America, as the one which gave birth to the nation's hero—the father and defender of his country.

Along the lines of the United States forces was echoed and reechoed the battle-cry; "The memory of Washington,"and as the name of that great hero rolled out upon the air and the memory of his valiant deeds came back to the soldiery, their hearts were newly fired with a reverent inspiration, and the spirit of the departed warrior seemed encouraging them from above.

The Mexicans were smarting under the defeat of many engagements; and were determined to give the invading

Northern foe no quarter.

Santa Anna with his four times superior number, impatient to glut his vengeance, sent the first volley of leaden messengers into the ranks of his ready opponents, and the alert Americans speedily returned the fiery salutation.

Soon the clear sky was blackened by the dense smoke of the thundering cannon; the deafening sound reverberating among the hills as it bellowed forth destruction adown the narrow valley.

Full was the air of swiftly speeding messengers of death, while cries from the wounded and moans from the dying, prayers and cursing, rejoicing and commanding, presented a scene of confusion and chaos of sound most sickening to encounter.

Sad was the lot of the wounded, whom luckless fate laid low on the field; for the dark-browed cruel foemen not only wrecked their demoniac hatred upon the wounded, but prowled among the dead with their unsheathed sabres, robbing and mutilating their unconscious bodies.

From the onset of the battle to the close of day, our hero had fought valiantly; and many times had a ball whizzed past his ear or pierced his garments while the dead and dying lay all about him, How many times during that long, dark day had the thought occurred to him; "And this is what men call glory!"Many solemn reflections had had birth in his mind during that period, which had never before been admitted as his companions.

The last rays of the declining sun were flecking with purple and crimson the fleecy clouds and the mountain's crest, their reflected beauty bringing out in bold relief the bending figure of a woman.

Her dusky hair and style of dress made plain to the observer that she was a Mexican, but the suffering soldier, to whose dying lips she held the longed-for moisture, raised to her his glassy eye and blessed her as an angel.

Percy had stood for a moment watching with reverence this pitying messenger of mercy, when an increased volley of the enemy's musketry, placed him at her feet wounded and unconscious.

LOVE AND TRUTH.

With pitying gentleness she laid the head of the dying soldier upon her lap, and turning towards where Percy lay, bathed his brow and staunched his wound as best she could, till the pillowed head had ceased to ache and the weary one had sunk into the last deep sleep.

Then, placing him gently on the lap of mother earth, she procured assistance and removed the still unconscious Percy to her own home;

thereby rescuing him from the horrors of a night on that bloody battlefield at the mercy of the cruel foeman.

Night spread her sable mantle over the sickening field of slaughter;

and the pitying stars came out to weep o'er the corpses of the unburied slain.

Yet the battle was not ended, for victory had not yet perched on the banner of either contestant.

Long and loud came the thunder of the cannonading, while Percy, all] unheeding lay, on the couch provided by his "good Samaritan"rescuer.

CHAPTER VI.

According to previous agreement,

Mary had introduced to the Melvoures, one of the Mormon Elders, a gentleman of education and refinement, who earnestly and eloquently explained the scriptures to them, showing the perfect consistence of the establishment of the Church with the predictions of the prophets, and the doctrines of the same with the teachings of Christ and the apostles.

He also ably discussed the very points which were brought out in those precious book leaves which the doctor had been so interested in; and strange to say, in the very same manner and spirit with which they were treated in that publication.

This of course led the doctor to discover them to the Elder, who immediately recognized them as a publication of the Church.

They were in fact, tracts, which some one, no doubt, had carelessly cast to the four winds of heaven.

But in the providence of God, whom even the winds serve, they had been carried to the feet of an earnest seeker, and prepared him for the reception of the truth.

The light of truth soon penetrated the mind of Mr.

Melvoure, making plain to him the distinction between the Gospel as taught by the Latterday Saints and the various creeds ol

Christendom.

He rejoiced with the joy of an earnest seeker, who has at last found that which he had long sought.

Mrs.

Melvoure, however, did not so readily receive the message; for after consideration it was plain to her that it would necessitate a great sacrifice of many things she highly prized, to come out before the world and espouse a cause which was so very unpopular, bhe was one of those persons who lay great store by the opinions of the world.

She liked to be looked up to, and not be despised.

And, though she, like Agrippa, was almost persuaded, these things stood in the way of acceptance.

This undecision on the part of her friend, greatly perplexed and troubled Mary.

She could not in the least understand it.

Yet, as a friend, she had no complaint to make; for both the doctor and his wife were goodness itself to her, laying their plans to effect her deliverance from a life which every day grew more insupportable.

Some time during the previous summer Mary had gained a hint that a company of Saints, as colonists, were expected to sail for

California under United States transport, and had built her hopes on being one of the company;

but the government changing the whole program, the Battalion was called instead.

So she, with many others, had to wait and make other arrangements.

Dr. Melvoure was not prepared io leave for the west just at that tim

2 28 LOVE AND TRUTH.

but kindly equipped Mary with means and other necessaries, which she would accept only as a loan, and on the twenty-second of February, the day of the battle, she, without the knowledge of her relatives, who would have prevented it, or even of the Melvoures, whom she did not wish to implicate in her runaway scheme, set sailj for her far-oft destination.

The strain which she had undergone in her preparation and final maturing of this plan, had wrought her nervous system up to such a tension, that now she was fairly started and out of the reach of her would-be captors, she suddenly and completely relapsed into a state of obliviousness.

In this condition she was placed under the tender care of the motherly stewardess.

Some considerable time elapsed before she regained consciousness;

but finally coming to and sensing the gravity of the step she had taken, her spirits dropped below zero and her whole frame was convulsed with weeping; not that she in the least regretted the course she had taken, but because her love for those she had left behind was still strong, and woman-like, she simply could not help weeping.

She felt depressed through all her sensitive and highly-strung being, and for the first time in her life refused to be comforted.

Later on the stewardess had her helped up on deck, where the refreshing sea breezes played about her and revived her spirits; while she watched with dreamy interest the foamy, crested waves on the broad expanse of deep blue, as they playfully lashed the sides of the ship.

Before starting she had written a long letter to Percy telling him of her project and that she hoped he would meet her in California, whither she still thought he had gone.

She also wrote a tender and affectionate letter to her relatives, bidding them farewell and thanking them most sincerely for all their care and kindness to her, but forebore mentioning their later treatment.

She gave no hint of how she had gone, but said she believed they would be at no loss to surmise her destination..

To the Melvoures she had also sent a farewell letter expressing her gratitude for all they had done for her.

She told them that she anticipated meeting Percy at her journey's end, from which they surmised that San Diego was her goal.

In conclusion, she hoped to soon meet them with the body of the Saints.

They grieved to lose her for so indefinite a period, for she had been a real comfort, and as they said, "A sunbeam in their lives."The voyage was long and tedious;

though not without its interests and diversions;

and our heroine made many staunch friends among the passengers and officials, whose friendship she enjoyed many long years afterwards.

They had been on the water many months before the desired port was finally reached, and she at last set foot on the longed-for spot—the land of perpetual springtime and fragrant orange groves.

The arrival of a ship was no everyday occurrence in those days, but when there was such a momentous event, all the people for miles around were gathered on the shore to bid the newcomers welcome and to aid them in the selection of quarters.

Thus it happened that our friend of the Battalion was there ready to receive Mary and keep in truth the condition of the bond.

Mary, meantime, not knowing anything of this agreement, was looking intently among the crowd for the face or figure of the one she longed to see.

But she looked long and vainly—he was not there.

Now a sudden pain smote her heart, and for the first time in all those long months the fear came to her that something had befallen him.

LOVE AND TRUTH.

At this juncture the purser of the ship came towards her accompanied by a tall, dark-haired, sun-browned young fellow, whom he evidently intended to present to her.

"Miss Varnon,"said the purser, ''allow me to present to you Mr.

Brown, who has been commissioned to look after your welfare.

With this the two shook hands and the purser left them to make friends.

Mary was in quite a mental dilemma for a few seconds, as she could not think who had sent him, or how to question him about the subject. She broke the embarrassing silence by frankly asking who had so kindly thought of her in sending him to meet her.

"Well, you see,"said he, "I became acquainted with Percy M.

"O'—is he well?

Is he here!"asked Mary in an agony of suspense and hope.

The young man hated to disappoint her as he knew, by that upturned, pleading face, he must do, when he informed her that Percy was not there nor did he know how he fared.

So, in as gentle a manner as possible he told her how they had parted company at Santa Fe, one going south and the other west.

He also completed the sentence she had interrupted relating to the compact they had made; and hoped she would have no objection to his fulfilling his part of it, adding, "You know we are of the same faith, and that, alone, should make us good friends; especially when so far from home."

Mary readily agreed to this proposition and from that moment felt that she had a brother.

Now that she knew Percy was down in that part of Mexico where those many battles had been fought the fear that something had befallen him had crept into her mind, she knew no peace for weeks.

She had always been a prayerful maiden;

but now there was an uplifting, an outpouring of her soul, which could not fail to bring down the blessings of heaven.

In prayer she found consolation and hope;

and finally, that calm cheerful resignation so beautiful to behold.

During this time of trial the newfound brother was a true friend; for he not only looked after her pecuniary welfare, but amid the soul entrancing beauties of that clime, he many an hour beguiled her thoughts by his sensible conversation.

Tales of Percy and himself at Santa Fe, the history of the Church and the beauties of the Gospel, were their favorite themes.

Could the absent lover have taken a peep, at that couple, on one of those occasions, he would have quickly noted the too ardent gaze of those admiring eyes, and ready anticipation of his betrothed's every wish;

the lurking tenderness in every tone addressed to her, and the delicious thrill plainly discernible, when she by chance touched him.

Then would Percy's fears have been realized, for he must have seen that his friend was indeed in love with Mary.

This knowledge did not long escape even the single-minded Mary;

for what woman can be entirely unconscious of an ardent passion towards herself, when thrown continually in the way of it?

But to a pureminded woman like our heroine, this could but be a source of trouble and regret.

What could she do?

she asked herself time and again.

Her hand was engaged, her love was plighted, and she must wound this true, noble friend.

She could plainly see that he struggled against this love, but he could not overcome it.

Her heart bled for him, to think that his kindness to herself must cost him so much.

So she kept out of his way as much as possible without being rude, for she would spare this friend, but to her absent lover her heart was true as steel.

LOVIi AND TRUTH.

CHAPTER VII.

Percy's wound was not necessarily fatal, the army physician said, if he was kept quiet and had good care.

This promised a long and tedious vigil for some one;

so he took ii upon himself to find out the address of his parents and notify them of their son's condition, adding that:

"A mother's care just now may be his salvation."This in due time reached the horrified parents, who left everything and hastened to their stricken one.

Meanwhile he had regained consciousness, but his ugly wound had thrown him into a high lever, and for many weeks delirious fancies haunted him day and night.

He unceasingly called for Mary, begging her not to leave him.

And his faithful Mexican nurse, understanding only that one word, devoutly crossed herself; she thought he called on the

Virgin.

At times he would sit up in bed and call on the angels to witness that he was a sincere believer.

His frenzied pleading was most touching.

After his mother came she soothed his troubled spirit, by telling him he must lie still and get well, as Mary was ready to marry him when he was able to get up again.

This had a wonderful effect in quieting him, and aided materially in his recovery.

He would often ask: "Why don't

Mary come?"or, "Where is Mary?"to which they would evasively reply that she was coming soon.

At last he was able to read her letter, the one sent from New York;

and from that time his hopes were centered in California.

When they would permit him, he wrote her, telling her of his long illness, and informing her that he was convinced of the truth of Mormonism, and as soon as he could reach a place where the rite could be performed he should apply for baptism.

He also hinted that as soon as possible he would start for the west, and hoped to find her still unchanged in her sentiments towards himself; as the long absence from her had taught him more than ever how lonely and incomplete his life would be without her companionship.

He trusted that her generous soul would consent to a speedy union.

CHAPTER VIII.

The summer months had come and gone, and in the mountain regions, the red and yellow splendors of autumn had long been buried beneath a cloak of snow.

But in that land of divinest climate, California, the spring had already come, bringing in its wake all the fresh beauties, renewed hopes and aspirations of regenerated life.

Percy had been there for some months, inhaling the bland Pacific air, and drinking his soul full of the beauties all around.

Dr. and Mrs.

Melvoure were also there.

Under the sweet influence of nature, and enjoying the companionship of his beloved, Percy had fully regained all he had lost, and he thought much more, at the battle of Angostura.

Mary had given her ready consent to the celebration of their nuptials as soon as he fully recovered his health and strength.

And when at length he declared himself a fit candidate for matrimony, the month of February was again upon them.

In selecting a day for the event they had both named the 22nd, as to them it was a date never to be forgotten.

The wedding was duly solemnized, and all the neighbors for miles around were bidden to partake of the primitive festivities.

But their staunch friend Harry went on a hunting expedition shortly before the appointed day, promising Percy that he would be back in time, but purposely got lost until the celebration was past.

He could not trust himself through that ordeal, lest his secret might be made plain to his friend, who never guessed the strong test his friendship had endured.

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMOA.

23c In that same month gold was discovered in that region, and people were going wild over the new-found treasure.

But Percy, folding his gentle Mary to his heart, felt that he possessed a greater treasure than all the gold of California.

She had indeed been tested in faith and in love, and proven herself the genuine metal.

They remained in the "golden State"long enough to see it overrun by fortune-hunters and border ruffians.

They obtained, for future use, a few good-sized nuggets of the precious metal.

But their mutual desire being to gather with the body of the Saints, they were not satisfied until settled in the basin of the Great

Salt Lake, where the people were now permanently located.

There with the Saints they cheerfully shared the privations of those early times, and enjoyed the fraternal good feeling and sociability which prevailed.

There the doctor and Percy found practice in their professions, progressing with the growth of Zion; and Mrs. Melvoure, as a refined and sympathetic lady, was beloved and looked up to by the community. God had brought her to Him in His own "mysterious way."Many years after, when Squire

Clinton was a broken-down, lonely old man, Mary went to him and took him to her happy home in the mountains, where he petted her little ones to his heart's content; telling them long tales of their mother's childhood and his cruelty to her, lor which he reproached himself until his dying day, though he never comprehended the Gospel, nor identified himself with the Church.

Gay.

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

SOME EXTERNAL PROOFS OF ITS DIVINITY.

Part II.

THE LANGUAGE OF THE RECORD.

Having brought forward weighty testimony proving the existence of historical records among the ancient inhabitants of this continent, we may next properly consider the question In what language were they originally written?

The statements in the Book of Mormon on this point are but few,, but they are conclusive.

Nephi, the founder of the Nephite nation says:* "I make a record in the language of my father [Lehi] which consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the Egyptians."

That is how the record was commenced—in the learning of the Jews and the language of the Egyptians.

About four hundred years later, the education of the sons of one of the kings (Mosiah), is spoken of.

It is written:

"For it were not possible that our father, Lehi, could have remembered all these things to have taught them to his children, except it were for the help of these plates;

for he having been taught in the language of the Egyptians, therefore he could read these engravings and teach them to his children, that thereby they could teach them to their children."* Nearly six hundred years later, Moroni, the last of the Nephite prophets, says with regard to their language at that time:

"And now, behold, we have written this record according to our knowledge in the characters which are called among us Reformed Egyptian, being handed down and altered by us according to.

*l. Nephi, 1: 2.

*Mosiah i: 4.

El TDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

our manner of speech;

and if our plates had been sufficiently large we should have written in Hebrew, but the Hebrew hath been altered by us also;

and if we could have written in Hebrew, behold, we would have had no imperfection in our record."* The points in Moroni's statement that are of peculiar importance, are these:

That the Nephites wrote in Egyptian;

that thev also wrote in Hebrew;

that the Egyptian written by Nephi and his father when they first came to America, had been changed, and that during the course of their history (nearly a thousand years), the Nephites had changed the Hebrew also.

As a remarkable confirmation of this statement, we draw attention to the fact, that the discoveries of ancient writings and engravings that have been made at different times, and in widely removed regions, buried in the ground and elsewhere, are in Egyptian characters or in Hebrew letters, or in characters that very much resemble the Egyptian, but which are undecipherable to the learned o( the present day.

That these characters were changed from time to time is proven by the fact that very few are found that are alike.

The bellshaped plates that were found at Kinderhook, Illinois, in 1842, on the breast of a skeleton that was then exhumed, resemble somewhat, but have no very strong likeness to the published characters of the Book of Mormon.

But one fact has been drawn attention to by all who have an acquaintance with the subject, and that is, that the various characters that cannot be deciphered, bear a marked resemblance to the ancient

Egyptian.

One writer says:

"Lastly, the eye of the antiquarian cannot fail to be both attracted and fixed by evidences of the existence of two great branches of the hieroglyphical lan- *Mormon, ix, 32-33.

guage—both having striking affinities with the Egyptian, and yet distinguished from it by characteristics perfectly American.

One is the picture-writing peculiar to the Mexicans, and which displays several striking traits of assimilation to the anaglyphs, and the historical tablets of the Egyptian temples.

The second is a pure hieroglyphical language, to which little attention has hitherto been called, which appears to have been peculiar or the

Tultecan of some still more ancient nation that preceded the Mexicans;

which was as complete as the Egyptian in its double constituency of a symbolic and a phonetic alphabet, and which, as far as we can judge, appears to have rivaled the Egyptian in its completeness, while in some respects it excelled it in its regularity and beauty.''* We will first, however, refer to the

Hebrew, as that to us, is possibly the most interesting.

The earliest account of the discovery of Hebrew characters on this continent is found in the writings of early Spanish historians.

"Malvenda says that the natives of St.

Michael had tombstones which the Spaniards digged up with several ancient Hebrew characters upon them, as 'Why is God gone away?'and 'He is dead, God knows.'"f Between i860 and 1865, four different stones with Hebrew inscriptions upon them were found in Licking County, Ohio, though not all in the same neighborhood.

On one, which some suppose had been worn as an amulet, was a Hebrew inscription, which was translated, "May the Lord have mercy on him a nephel,"that is, one of untimely birth, an abortion.

Elder Orson Pratt, however, was of the opinion that the *Foreign Quarterly Review, October, 1836.

tFrom Adair's "History of the American

Indians"London, 1775, James Adair, the author, was an English trader, who resided for forty years {1735-1775) among the Chickasaw and Cherokee Indians.

EVIDENCES OE THE BOOK OF MORMON.

final letter was a t, and that the legend should read, "May the Lord have mercy on him a Nephite.

Another stone, a white one, found in the same place as the first, is of a shape impossible to describe, something between a square and a right angled triangle;

its extreme parts being separated by just three and a half inches;

while its greatest thickness is about an inch.

It is covered with human faces and forms of animals.

It has also a Hebrew inscription, but on the meaning, the learned have been unable to agree.

The third is a wedge-shaped stone.

It was found in a sink or depression of ground near Newark, which has been compared to the sinking clay that fills up a well.

Its length does not reach six inches;

its widest part is hardly three inches.

Its color approaches near the chocolate.

It has the shape of a wedge;

at its small end it tapers or is rounded, and the end itself is a flattened surface of about a half inch in diameter.

At the other end there rests on the head of the wedge, a handle.

A Hebrew inscription is on each of its four sides.

These inscriptions when translated read:

The King of the Earth.

The Law of the Lord.

The Word of the Lord.

The Holy of Holies.

It would be difficult to conceive that such an inscription would be put upon a stone by persons not acquainted with the law and with the word of the Lord, or who had not some id^a regarding temple ordinances, and what the Holy of Holies implies; but a people like the Nephites are described as having been, in the Book of Mormon, would, in all respects, answer the requirements, as they were trained in both the law and the Gospel.

The fourth stone is the most remarkable of all.

There was an extended series of Indian mounds, fortifications, and enclosures around Newark.

One of the most remarkable was an enormous stone mound of conical form, eight miles south of the spot where Newark now stands.

It is believed that some thousands of loads of stone were taken from it for the Ohio canal and other purposes.

It was once five hundred and eighty feet in circumference at the base, and forty to fifty feet high.

An impression grew among the workmen that there was a circle of little mounds of pure clay, enclosed within the great mound, and standing, round near the periphery at the base.

In the removal of one of these clay mounds, a piece of wood was found, like the shell of an old log, and on it several copper rings were lying.

A further examination decided that this piece of wood was only the covering of a lower piece, which had the form of a large trough, and the whole of its interior seemed to have been once lined with a very coarse cloth, so rotten that a piece as large as a thumb nail could not be held together.

This trough contained several human bones, a lock of very fine, black hair, about six or eight inches long, and ten more copper rings.

It was farther found that this coffin lay in a two feet thick bed of very tough fire clay of the color of putty.

In digging into this fire clay, a stone box was struck in its lower part.

The box was drawn out with care; was found to be of a rounded, oblong shape, and in color, lighter than copper.

Its two halves were cemented together.

After considerable effort, the cement was broken, and the two halves separated, and in the center of the box was a stone, on which the Ten Commandments were engraved.

Now, keep these facts in their connection: the stone lodged in the center of the stone box;

this box buried in a stratum of fire clay;

above the box the coffin also lodged in the fire clay; the clay mound and then the enormous stone mound covering all.

EVIDENCES OE THE BOOK OF MORMON.

The stone has for its length about six inches and seven-eighths;

for its width, about two inches and seveneighths, and for its thickness, about one inch and five-eighths.

On one side the greater part of the surface is depressed, and a carved human figure is in this depression.

On the other side the central surface is a protruded plane, but the protrusion on one side does not correspond exactly with the depression on the other side. The human figure stands out in relief on the depressed plane;

it has the appearance of a noble man, dressed in the robes of the Priesthood, and over his head, written in Hebrew, is the name, Moses.

At the feet of the image there is an empty space through the stone, and then a round handle is united to the main stone at its ends, as if the stone was once carried by a strap passed through this empty space.

On the back and on the sides and top are engraved in Hebrew characters, (though inferior to those on the other stones), the Ten Commandments.

Not exactly as we have the Ten Commandments in the Bible, but somewhat abridged for want of room;

and there is a peculiarity about them—they are not written underneath one another, but in different directions.

The Commandments, though not here given at full length, contain all the essential points; that is to say, when you come to the one:

"Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain,"that is all there is of it.

The second clause is not included; but all the Ten Commandments, are there.

We may here ask:

Who, but a people acquainted with the dealings of the Lord with the House of Israel, could have prepared such a stone as this?

But not only have these stones been found, but strips of parchment, covered with texts from the Bible, written in Hebrew, have been dug out of the ground. The Rev. Etham Smith (pastor of a church in Poultney, Vermont), in his work entitled "A View of the Hebrews,"says:

"Joseph Merrick, Esq., a highly respectable character in Pittsfield, Mass., gave the following account:

That, in 1815, he was leveling some ground under and near an old wood shed standing on a place of his situated on Indian Hill.

He plowed and conveyed away old chips and earth to some depth.

After the work was done, walking over the place, he discovered, near where the earth had been dug the deepest, a black strap, as it appeared, about six inches in length, and one-and-a-halt in breadth, and about the thickness of a leather trace to a harness.

He perceived it had at each end, a loop of some hard substance, probably for the purpose of carrying it.

He conveyed it to his house and threw it into an old tool box.

After some time he thought he would examine it, but in attempting to cut it, found it as hard as bone.

He succeeded, however, in getting it open, and found it was formed of two pieces ot thick rawhide, sewed and made water tight with the sinews of some animal and gummed over, and in the fold was contained four folded pieces of parchment.

They were of a dark yellow hue, and contained some kind of writing.

The neighbors coming in to see the strange discovery, tore one of the pieces to atoms, in the true Hun and Vandal style.

The other three pieces Mr.

Merrick saved and sent them to Cambridge, where they were examined and discovered to have been written with a pen, in Hebrew, plain and legible.

The writing on the three remaining pieces of parchment was quotations from the Old Testament.

See Deut.

chap, vi, from 4th to 9th verses inclusive; also chap.

xi. verses 13th to 2 1 st inclusive;

and Exodus chap, xiii, nth to 16th verses inclusive; to which the reader can refer if he has the curiosity to read this most interesting discovery."

Another find of the same kind, in

EVIDENCES OE THE BOOK OF MORMON.

a region far from Massachusetts, is recorded in The National Intelligencer, as follows:

"By the politeness of Colonel Lee, Commissioner of Indian affairs, we have been shown a relic of great rarity and interest, left for a few days at the Bureau.

It was brought from the Pottawatamie Reservation, on the Kansas River, by Dr.

Lykins, who has been residing there nearly twenty years out of thirty he has spent on the frontier.

It consists ot four small rolls or strips of parchment, closely packed in the small compartments of a little box or locket ot about an inch cubical content.

On these parchments are written, in a style of unsurpassed excellence, and far more beautiful than print, portions of the Pentateuch, to be worn as frontlets, and intended as stimulants to the memory and moral sense.

Dr.

Lykins obtained it from Pategwe, a Pottawatamie, who got it trom his grandmother, a very old woman.

It has been in this particular family about fifty years."Those relics are not only strong witnesses, with regard to the language used by the ancient inhabitants of this continent, but they are also undeniable proofs that the people who lived here were of the House of Israel, and that they observed, as the Book of Mormon tells us they did, the Law of Moses, in its fullness and completeness.

They observed it with regard to the ordinances of the Temple, with regard to the offering of sacrifices, in the keeping of the feasts; but more than this, they had interwoven with it the higher law of the Gospel.

In these Hebrew discoveries are several wonderfully strong points in favor of the truth of the Book of Mormon.

All of them are written in the Hebrew used at the time that that record tells us Lehi left Jerusalem.

In later times the Hebrew alphabet was changed. Vowel points were introduced and final letters were added; but these changes and alterations were made after the return of the Jews from the Babylonish captivity.* The Hebrew that is found sculptured on the stone and other mementos, to which attention has been drawn, is always the more ancient kind.

Lehi left Jerusalem six hundred years before Christ, a few years before the Jews were carried into captivity by the Babylonians, or before these vowel points and final letters were introduced;

and in all the engravings that have been found on this land, there are neither vowels nor final letters, showing that the people who used them were divided from the Jews, as the Book of Mormon states they were, before these latter had been introduced—before the time of the return from the Babylonish captivity.

It is also another remarkable fact, as a testimony in favor of the Book of Mormon, that none of the inscriptions that have been found, contain any of the scriptures of a later date than those which it says the Nephites brought with them.

Lehi and his party carried a copy ot the scriptures, from the commencement of Genesis to the days of Jeremiah, and extracts from none later than these are found anywhere on these inscriptions.

Another testimony is that there is a marked difference in the shape of the Hebrew letters on the different stones.

Not the difference that developed on the eastern continent, but one peculiar to this land, demonstrating the truth of the statement of

Moroni, that the Nephites had changed the Hebrew as well as the Egyptian.

Equally interesting is the fact that several early Spanish writers claim that the natives of some portions of *"The TPWS. who had been in Babylon seventy years, had so corrupted the Hebrew language, as to render it necessary to affix a determinate pronunciation by the introduction of vowel points."—The Ten Tribes of Israel-

EVIDENCES OE THE BOOK Oh MORMON.

the land still spoke a corrupt Hebrew.

Las Casas so affirms with regard to the inhabitants of the

Island of Hayti.

Lafitu* wrote a history wherein he maintained that the Caribbee language was radically Hebrew, f

Isaac Nasci, a learned Jew, of Surinam, says of the language of the people of Guiana, that all their substantives are Hebrew.

Montesinos, % writing to Rabbi Manasseh Ben Israel, § an account of his visit to America in the sixteenth century, states:

"Traveling in the province of Quif, with an Indian, I was overtaken with a violent storm, which occasioned the Indian to exclaim against the Spaniards, whose cruelty and sins drew down these marks of divine vengeance."He then goes on to state:

"I found this Jndian to be of presumably Jewish extraction; that his God was Adonai, and that he acknowledged Abraham,

Isaac and Jacob for his ancestors.

Curiosity engaging me to pursue my voyage with the Indian, we arrived at the banks of a river, and, upon giving a signal, people appeared, who pronounced the words of Deuteronomy:

Schemah Israel Adonai Elohem Adonai Ehad: Hear

O Israel, the Lord our God is one *Lafitu, Joseph Francis, born at Bordeaux, 1670; died, 1746.

A French Jesuit author.

He was a missionary among the Iroquois of Canada.

fSee Clavegero "Memories De L'Amerique."JThis Montesinos is neither Antonio

Montesinos, the Spanish Dominican missionary and friend of the Indians, who came to

America in 1510; nor Fernando Montesinos, the Spanish historian, who resided for about twenty years in

Peru (1629 to 1650), but a Portuguese (?) Jew, named Aaron Levi Montesinos, a correspondent of Manasseh Ben Israel.

^Manasseh Ben Israel, chief Rabbi of the Jewish synagogue of Amsterdam, probably an agent of Oliver Cromwell, who did much to bring about the return of the Jews to England.

He published a work entitled "Spes Israel"(The Hope of Israel), and dedicated it to the English parliament in the days of the great Protector, for which he received the thanks of that Puritan assembly.

Lord.

They told me how Providence had placed them there by incredible miracles."Possibly these last named people only retained the memory ofa few such salutations as the one given;

it is not probable that they spoke Hebrew in their common talk.

But it is claimed that such survivals are numerous in the religious songs and ceremonies of many of the tribes.

A number of writers who visited or resided among the tribes of the northern continent, assert that the words

Yehovah, Yah, Ale and Hallelujah could be distinctly heard in these exercises.

And Laet and Escarbotus assure us that they often heard the South American Indians repeat the sacred word Hallelujah, "which made them admire how they first obtained it.

But it is more to the genius or the grammar of these languages and dialects that we must Took for Hebraism, if there be any relationship, rather than in the use of Hebrew terms, however numerous they may be; and it must not he forgotten that in most cases we are dealing with peoples or tribes, who have no written language, which makes the resemblance all the more wonderful.

On this question, Adair who, from his long sojourn among the Indian tribes, should be an excellent authority writes:

"The Indian language and dialects appear to have the very idiom and genius of the Hebrew.

Their words and sentences are expressive, concise, emphatical, sonorous and bold, and often, both in letters and signification, synonymous with the Hebrew language.* The Indian nouns have neither cases nor declensions; they are invariably the same through both numbers after the

Hebrew manner.

In their verbs, they likewise sometimes use the preterperfect instead of the present tense ot the indicative mood.* Like the Hebrews, they have no comparitive or superlative degree:

they ex-

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

press a preference by the opposite extremes.* There is not, perhaps, in any one language or speech, except the Hebrew and Indian American, which has not a great many prepositions.

The Indians, like the Hebrews, have none in separate and express words.

The Indians, for want of a sufficient number of radical words, are forced to apply the same noun and verb to signify many things of a various nature.* The Jewish rabbins tell us that the Hebrew language contains only a few more than a thousand primitive words, of which their whole language is formed; so that the same word very often denotes various, though not contrary things;

but there is one radical meaning, which will agree to every sense that word is used in.* The Hebrew nouns are either derived from verbs, or both of them are one and the same.* *The Indian method of expression exactly agrees with that Hebrew mode of speech.* According to the usage of the Hebrews, they always place the accusative case also before the verb. * The Hebrew and Indian words which express delineating, writing, deciphering, marking and painting convey the same literal meaning in both languages.* The Indians, according to the usage of the Hebrews, always prefix the substantive to the adjective."Having said so much with regard to the Hebrew, let us turn to the Egyptian.

Elder Parley P.

Pratt, writing to the editor of the Mormon,

January 1st, 1857, says:

"In passing through Cincinnati, Ohio, a short time since, the following facts were communicated to me by Mr.

Benjamin E.

Styles, of that place, who also exhibited to me a gold plate, found by him at the aforesaid place, in the year 1847, while excavating the earth for a cistern, a few feet above high water mark on the Ohio River.

It was thrown out with the loose earth while excavating about nine feet beneath the surface.

Said plate is of fine gold, three or four inches in length, averaging about three-fourths of an inch in width and about one-eighth of an inch in thickness, with the edges scalloped; in the face of which was, beautifully set, another plate of the same material, and fastened togfether by two pins, running through both.

This latter plate is full of ancient raised letters, beautifully engraved upon its surface, the whole exhibiting fine workmanship."Fac-similes of this plate have been published several times.

To any one having the least acquaintance wkh Egyptian the likeness of the characters thereto is remarkable.

In fact they are Egyptian slightly changed, or, doubtless, as Moroni would call them, "Reformed Egyptian."Here, at any rate, is one instance of the ancient Americans engraving on gold plates, as was done by the historians of the Book of Mormon.

Adair, in his History of the North American Indians, speaks of two brazen tables and five of"copper which the Indians, on the Tallapo6se River regarded as most sacred.

The two brass plates were circular, about a foot and a half in diameter;

the five copper plates were not all of the same size, and, in shape, somewhat resembled an axe head.

Old Bracket, an Indian, in answer to inquiries regarding these plates, said:

'"That he was told by his forefathers that those plates were given to them by the man we call God;

that there had been many more of other shapes, some as long as he could stretch with both his arms, and some had writing upon them which were buried with particular men; and that they had instructions buried with them, viz., they must only be handled by particular people, and those fasting; and no unclean woman must be suffered to come near them or the place where they were deposited. He said none but his town's people had any such plates given

AN ODE 10 THE BOY PROPHET.

them, and that they were a different people from the Creeks.

He only remembered three more which were buried with three of his family, and he was the only man of the family now lelt.

He said there were Two Copper Plates, under the king's cabin, which had lain there from the first settling of the town."This account was taken in the Tuccabatchey-square, 27th July, 1759, by Mr. William Bolsover.

George Reynolds.

You had better be alone than in mean company.

AN ODE TO THE BOY PROPHET.

''ONLY a boy!"Is that what you say?

"Only a boy, careless and gay Rough and uncouth, brim full of joy,

Meddlesome, troublesome, only a boy."

Do you lose interest?

Or shall I proceed To tell the tale of a deeply sown seed,

Planted by someone with heart lull of joy,

Planted and nurtured by—only a boy?

Someone was hungry for knowledge divine;

Someone was seeking the dear Savior's shrine.

Someone spurned earth with its treach'rous alloy, That someone, dear friends, was—only a boy.

His dear little lips scarce knew how to pray

But his innocent heart was praying alway.

"I want to do right, I want to be good,"Was his uppermost thought, and God understood.

While turning the leaves of God's sacred book,

His bright, eager eye down the page chanced to look.

A thrill of surprise, of wonder and joy,

Passed through the heart of the wondering boy

The sure road to truth seemed ope'd to the lad,

And these were the words that made him so glad:

"If any lack wisdom, come ask it of me,

And wisdom I gladly will give unto thee.''

Then out in the woods in the warm, balmy air

The boy humbly knelt and offered his prayer:

"O, God, give me wisdom, knowledge and light;

Lead me and help me to do what is right.

Teach me Thy ways, let me walk in Thy truth,

That I may be never deserving Thy wrath."

His simple prayer ceased, all seemed to grow dark O! what was the power] that was chilling his heart?

Then again to the Lord his humble soul spoke.

God answered his prayer and the deep spell was broke.

Then a pillar of light, of glory divine,

With a brightness surpassing the noonday sunshine,

Shone around and about him and in it there stood A vision whose import he scarce understood;

Two glorious beings in a heavenly ray

Were standing before him.

Hark!

what do they say?

In a deep, pleasant tone, a tone full of love,

The voice of the Father, the Ruler above

Falling soft on the ear did its message impart Which amazed and enraptured and gladdened his heart:

"This is my Son, unto Him hearken ye;

Let the words he may utter thy future guide be."

Then the voice of the Son in its sweetness arose.

A long-hidden message at last to disclose.

"The world with their lips do offer me praise,

A profession they make to walk in my ways;

For doctrine they teach the commandments ot men, Forgetting I gave not the power to them.

Be humble and thou shall the instrument be

Of sending the truth o'er the land and the sea,"

The beings then vanished, the light faded awayAnd into the heavens the boy gazing lay!

He arose and returned to his home through the wood, With a heart full of joy and a will to do good.

With the help of the Lord he began a grand work, And throughout his career was ne'er known to shirk The duties of life; and with unerring arm

The will of the Father did he gladly perform.

The result of his work today we behold

The wonders of God in all lands are now told.

God levels the ranks of the great and the small;

The true road to salvation is open to all.

O! what may the Spirit of God do for man!

If only we heed its workings and plan,

We'll be led to salvation to heaven and joy,

Through the help of the Lord and—the prayers of a boy.

Lula Cooper Preston.

Monroe, Utah, Dec. 23, 1895.

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A TALE OF THE BUCHANAN WAR.

It was a lovely evening in the last of beptember a few days after the occurrences in our last chapter.

Cool, orisp, and full of the odor of pine and sagebrush, in the mountain retreats, and around a gleaming fire sat a group of men, with serious, eager faces, and their talk was in whispered monotone.

The country was wild and barren, except here and there along the course of a stream the willows and brush gave a little protection to man and beast.

In a low hillside to the right ot the camp fire, were tethered horses, trying to pick a scant supper from the fall- dried plain.

And in the near distance, yawned a huge black opening to a cave, which gave the name of Cache Cave to the spot.

The leader of the party, sat in the center of the council, his large head and prominent features giving him a massive appearance well calculated to inspire respect and confidence.

He was listening to the recital of some recent expedition or trip from the lips of a tall, red-bearded, slowspoken man.

"What did General Harney reply to Captain Van Vliet, when the captain explained the situation in our Territory,"asked the leader.

"The general replied with an oath, 'I am ordered to Salt Lake City, and I will winter there or in hell.'"The men assembled uttered various exclamations of determination that the violent general should be well supplied with opportunities to join his friends in the latter warm retreat.

On the right of the leader sat a high, broad-shouldered fellow, redbearded and with eyes like an eagle.

He said little, and kept his face in his hands, listening to the report ot his fellow-soldier, Stevens.

"Major Smith."remarked the leader, General Wells, "you will at once proceed to the enemy's camp, and deliver these documents which have been entrusted to my care by Governor Young.

Wait for a reply, see all you can, hear all you can, and make yourself, if possible, more familiar with the country surrounding us than you are at present.

There is much for you to do in the near future, if we would prevent this army from entering our peaceful valleys this winter.

Do you wish any one to accompany you?""No sir, I am foot-loose, and when alone, can ride as fast as I please."Accordingly, that night, while the others were fitfully sleeping, Major Lot Smith rode silently out of camp on his mission to the United States army, now pressing forward to Fort

Winfield.

Not a detail of the lonely road, not a bush nor rock, not the slightest undulation in the silent hills escaped the keen eyes of this traveler.

Arrived at the army's headquarters, Major Smith was conducted, after some delay, to the general's tent.

His papers delivered, he awaited in stern silence, the reply of the tall, heavy-set, dark-complexioned man who received him with great dignity, yet underneath the apparent coldness there sat a shade of anxiety and care which the eagle eyes under the heavy red brows read as plainly as he did the rock-strewn roadway along which he had traveled.

"Major General Harney has been ordered back to Kansas,"remarked the officer, after reading the dispatches, "and Colonel Johnston, who succeeds him, will be here in a few days.

Meanwhile, I will, myself, undertake to reply to these remarkable documents, and will send the answer by you, if you can wait for a few hours."

JOHA STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

"I am here under orders to return with answers to these papers, sir,"answered Smith.

"Very well, my men will attend to your needs, and while you are eating dinner, your horse shall receive attention."Lot Smith made no reply, but bowed himself out of the presence of the officer.

Instead of accepting any hospitality for himself, he eagerly, yet quietly spent the few hours of his stay, in mastering every detail of the camp, and fixing upon his mind every word he chanced to overhear from the soldiers.

He soon ascertained that the present commanding officer was

Colonel Alexander, and that the colonel was in some anxiety as to what move to make next.

Lot discovered this from the remarks of a young, darkmoustached officer, who sat chatting to his companion outside of a tent door, utterly oblivious of such creatures as Mormon dogs or vermin.

"I have told the colonel repeatedly,"announced this young braggart, "that the only honorable and manly course to pursue, is to follow out the plan laid out by Harney.

Harney is a trump, by, and I wish we had him here again, instead of this present wavering chickenhearted administration.

All we have to do is to secure most of our troops and supplies in Fort Winfield, then a few hundred of us, with our knapsacks on our backs would make the

Valley in a few days, surprise the fanatics and poltroons down there, take possession of old Brigham's harem for our own comfort and pleasure, quarter our men in their church, and the thing is done.""Old Brigham himself may have something to say about that,"remarked one of the loungers at the tent door.

"Van Vliet says he is a fighter of no mean ability.

"Bah! Van Vliet is easily frightened.

The very first thing to be done, is of course to string such rabble as Young and Wells, with others of their ilk, to the nearest tree.

I have no patience with men who play into the hands of tricksters and heathen.

What were we sent out here for anyhow?"The young man looked around the circle with a sneer Tipon his handsome mouth, and as he met the eyes of one or another, they gave him varying replies either by word or glance.

"I don't think any one knows just exactly what we were sent out here for,"at last answered the tall, greyeyed man who had spoken before.

"I don't know that Harney, Alexander or even Buchanan himself knows exactly what we were sent here for.

Presumably to install Cumming into the office to which the President has appointed him.""And do you think it will take the flower of the American army, and millions of dollars to do so simple a thing as that?

Come now, Saxey, you are not so innocent as all that.

We have a whole Territory to subdue, and the seditious priests of this most villainous community, are to be tried and hanged, or hanged anyway.

That's what I came out here for.""Well, I am prepared to follow my orders, no matter what they may be; but I have no desire to take part in any such brawls as was witnessed in Missouri ten years ago, when the leaders of this people were killed by the border ruffians of that State.""You and I do not indulge in street fights, or brawls;

but we are determined to see order and decency maintained in this government, no matter if it be at the cost of a few lives of such lecherous scoundrels as old Brigham and his priests.

Why, their doings are an outrage on the escutcheon of our proud country.

It is an introduction info our midst of the rotten lives and practices of the Turks and Orientals.

The manhood of this nation will not endure it.""Let us see, Sherwood,"inter-

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

posed the grey-eyed man, withdrawing his cigar to give emphasis to his words, "how many of Brigham's daughters or concubines have you decided shall form part of your establishment this winter?'"Oh, plague on your Quixotism, Saxey, you make no distinction between the amours of a gentleman and the vile practices of heathen and Mormons."The silent listener at the other side of the tent lound it impossible to keep his teeth from grinding together just at this moment, but he was suddenly approached by a subaltern who requested him to wait upon the commanding officer at once for his messages to Utah.

It was high noon in the camp of the mountaineers when dusty, travelstained Lot Smith rode into the small circle.

He was at once ushered into the tent occupied by General Wells and staff, and there he delivered his messages.

For the first time since leaving his own camp the Major sat down and proceeded to satisfy a soldier's appetite, and although weary and worn for sleep, he was glad to satisfy his craving for food before resting or sleeping.

The general saw the condition of his faithful officer,'and ordered him to his own tent until the next day at the same hour and place.

Meanwhile a courier was sent to the valley with the United States commander's dispatches, and a full report from General Wells and his scouts.

All that night General Wells and staff talked, planned and counseled.

It was but little after o'clock when the council assembled the next morning to hear the verbal report of

Major Smith, and to decide upon future action.

"I overheard much of their vaunting, blasphemous determination to enter the valley, kill or imprison our leaders, and to capture and ruin our wives and daughters.

There are a few cautious and sensible men among them, but the majority, especially of the officers, who are mostly young Southerners of hot passions and romantic temperament, are determined to force Colonel Alexander to proceed at once to the valley with a light detachment, to be followed by the masses of troops, as fast as is convenient.""The colonel informs me in his letter,"said General Wells, "that he will submit our letters and dispatches to General Johnston immediately upon that officer's arrival in camp; but that meanwhile the troops are there by the order of the President of the United States, and their future movements will depend upon orders issued by competent military authority.""What shall we do under these circumstances?"asked one of the officers.

"You all know the plan adopted in our council before leaving Salt Lake City, and there sanctioned by President Young.

We were to ascertain the location of the troops as soon as possible, which has now been thoroughly done by Major Smith.

Then we were to proceed at once to annoy them in every possible way.

We are to use every exertion to stampede their animals, and are to set fire to their supply trains whenever practicable.

Burn the whole country before them, and en their flanks.

Keep them from sleeping by night surprises; blockade the roads by felling trees or destroying the river fords wherever we can.

Watch for opportunities to set fire to the grass on their windward, so as if possible to set fire to their trains.

Leave no grass behind them that can be burned.

We are to keep our men concealed as much as possible, and of course we must guard ourselves against surprises continually.

''What if we meet a detachment and are compelled to fight?'asked one of the men.

"I anticipate no such catastrophe, answered Gen eral Wells.

"Brother

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

Brigham has said the Lord will fight our battles for us, and if we follow his counsel to the letter, we will also be able to comply with his strictest injunctions, which are, to save life always when it is possible, and not to shed a drop of blood if it can be avoided."The general sat some time as if in silent meditation, and the officers present remained silent, unwilling to disturb his reflections.

At length the chief raised his head, and looking straight into the eyes of Major Lot Smith, he asked:

"Major, do you think you can take our small force, about forty men we have here now, and passing in the rear of the enemy, turn back and burn the supply trains on the road?'The Major returned the intent gaze of his leader, and while a dusky gleam shot through the red brown depths of his own eyes, he only replied in words:

"Yes, sir, I think I can.""Very well, sir, you are to consider yourself under orders to carry out the plan I have just now indicated.

The council is adjourned."That these men could, at the close of their portentious council, kneel down and ask God to bless them and assist them in their undertaking, may seem strange to the thoughtless and ignorant, but they were banded together to protect the lives of their fellow-men shut up in the narrow valleys of the lower country, and they knew that if God did not interpose His power and His cunning, these soldiers, many of them blasphemous, reckless, licensed fighters and brawlers, would not only kill and plunder themselves, but would destroy and seduce their fair wives and daughters.

They were facing no imaginary terrors, for Missouri's pangs were not yet blotted out from the memory of even their babes. No blood would be shed, except in self-defense, but every man there was prepared to pour his life-current out like water upon the ground if necessary to protect their beloved leaders and their own loved families.

God was their Father, and to Him they appealed.

"Say your prayers, and keep your powder dry,"had been the counsel of President Young, and they were united as one man to carry out his instructions.

One of the first men spoken to by Lot Smith, was quiet John Stevens, a man after Smith's own heart.

No need of much talk between these two, they devined each other's wishes and purposes without need for words or explanations.- There was some delay, consequent upon breaking up camp, so that it was early twilight when the small detachment rode out upon the open prairie.

The Major called John Stevens to his side, and to him, in a few words related as they rode along some of the conversation overheard in the camp of the enemy.

As John listened to the wicked threats of those dissolute officers concerning the fair daughters of his people, he was seized with a sudden, blind, passionate anger, and for a few moments he could think of nothing but to heap curses upon their wicked heads, and to long, with a murderous longing, to have one of them just now under his own clenched hands that he might slrangle the pride and devil out of him.

His curses were not uttered aloud, however, and when he recovered himself, he heard his leader ask:

"What's the matter, Stevens, you are annoyed?""Perhaps!

I was not old enough to do much good in Missouri; but now, well, I am glad major, that you have permitted me to accompany you on this trip.""Stevens, we are of the same stripe; but we must both remember our orders, and no matter what the provocation may be, we must shed no blood, unless compelled to.

We both understand this, and yet, it is

/OHA STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

as hard for me as it is for you, brother."The next morning, just before sunrise, Major Smith called his attention to a speck on the distant horizon in the east.

"Let us go forward carefully, Stevens; we must be sure as to numbers and conditions.""There are only half-a-dozen teams, major, as I make them out."Riding swiftly up to the flurried teamsters, Lot Smith ordered them peremptorily to turn back, and turn back they did.

But our mountain soldiers had other work to do, and so they rode on and on, for an hour.

"Major, I have a feeling that it would be well to take a look again at those teams we ordered to follow us. I can't see anything oftheir dust.

The major turned on his horse and scanned the horizon behind him, with shaded eyes and a thoughtful mind.

"Stevens;

take fifteen or twenty of the boys and go back there, and see if our orders have been obeyed.

Meanwhile, I will move forward slowly.

Three hours after this, Stevens returned and reported that he found the train once more headed westward; whereupon, he had unloaded the freight, and set fire to the whole lot.

The teamsters were preparing to come eastward again on their empty animals.

"Good.

Now let us ride on as fast as we can."Turning in the direction of the Green River bluffs, the men rode into a small clump of willows by the stream, and decided to get some sleep before proceeding farther.

It was sorely needed, and proved refreshing to the band of weary men.

The next morning they were early in the saddle;

and before riding an hour, the major discovered a cloud of dust coming from the old Mormon trail.

Riding fiercely into camp, Lot Smith demanded to see the captain.

"Captain Simpson is out huntin'cattle; and I guess if you want him, you will have to hunt him,"replied one of the teamsters.

"I'll look after your captain,"bluntly announced Lot, and then cocking his own gun as a signal to his men to follow suit, he quietly added, "But you fellars can just fork over your shooting irons;

we are wanting some implements of that kind just now."There was a flash of dusky fire in the red-brown eyes, and every teamster present carefully gathered up his pistol or gun and delivered it over to Stevens, who distributed them among his own men.

Leaving Stevens in charge of the camp, Lot Smith rode out to meet the captain, whose name was Simpson.

He was driving in some animals; and Lot simply said:

"Captain, I came here on urgent business."The man addressed was no coward, and his own eyes flashed as he demanded the nature of that business.

"Just hand over your pistols, and I will let you know the nature of it,"answered Smith.

Spurring his horse towards his train, Simpson replied, "No man ever took them yet; and if you think you can, without first killing me, try it."

They were all the time riding full gallop towards the train.

"I admire a brave man, captain, but I don't like blood.

You insist on my killing you, which would only take a minute, but I don't want to do it.

If you will just take the trouble of looking that way, captain, instead of glaring into my eyes, you will see that your teamsters are in a ticklish situation."They had ridden as close together as their panting, reeking horses would allow, each looking fire and death into the blazing eyes of the other; but when Simpson raised his eyes and saw his own teamsters huddled together, unarmed and shiver-

MY COLLEGE DAIS.

ing under the cocked guns of the mountaineers, he turned to Smith and muttered:

"You have me at a bitter advantage.""We don't need the advantage, captain.

What would you do, if I should give up your arms?""I'll fight you,"answered the other, between his teeth.

"Well, we know something about that, too.

Take up vour arms."The teamsters shrank back as one man.

"Not by a d——d sight,"one of them exclaimed.

"We came out here to whack bulls, not to fight.""What do you say to that, captain?"asked Smith.

With another violent oath, the captain ground his teeth and replied, "If I had been here before, and they had refused to fight, I would have killed every man of them."Major Lot Smith was too brave a man himself, not to be touched by this manly, yet reckless spirit; and after some parley with Stevens, he ordered his men to give Simpson two of the loaded wagons, to keep his men from starvation until their return to the Eastern States; and then ordering all out of the way, he called out for a big, burly Irishman, a Gentile who had followed Stevens from the trains the day before, and had offered to join their forces.

"Here, Dawson, you can put the torch to these trains;

it is very proper for the Gentiles to spoil the Gentiles."The whole train of fifty-two wagons, were burned; after which, the mountaineers rode away, telling the teamsters that they would take what provisions they had secured for themselves to their comrades, a few miles away, and then would return;

and if any attempt to extinguish the flames were made, summary punishment would be administered the offenders.

Homespun.

( To be continued.) MY COLLEGE DAYS.

IV.

At the close of this, my first recitation, I went to my rooms.

Nothing seemed more singular to me than this custom, generally observed by the students.

The University furnishes recitation rooms and laboratories, but no place for reading and study, except the library, which has accommodations for no more than five hundred of the three thousand students.

Let us stop for a moment and compare the life of a scholar in one of the old-fashioned school houses, to that of a student in college.

In the old-fashioned school house, each scholar had his own seat, where he kept his books.

At college, books and utensils are kept in the student's rooms, where his studying is done.

In the old school house, the student went from his seat to the recitation benches, "up in front,"where he had a class.

At the University, the student goes from his home to the recitation room on the college grounds, whenever he has a class.

If the weather is cold the student puts on his overcoat, rubbers and gloves each time he goes to a recitation class.

Cloak rooms are unknown.

The gentlemen students invariably wear their hats in the halls, not removing them until they enter the class rooms, where they are hung in full view of the owner, and by this means, the losing or exchanging of clothing, so common in cloak rooms, is avoided.

The lady student has no use for cloak pegs and hat racks, for they invariably wear cloaks, hats, and furs in the class room, as is customary in church.

The girls sometimes carry

J)/} COLLEGE DAYS.

neat little "book bags;"but the old time book sacks, in which we used to carry all our books, are unknown.

The usual way is for each student to carry just that material needed for a coming recitation.

If, perchance, tions, they are likely not held in the same building, and he must go a block or maybe more from one class to the other.

Each recitation closes at the striking of the hour, and the following he has two or three consecutive classes, he provides himself with text books and paper accordingly.

Class work over, he again seeks his rooms to prepare for his next recitation.

If the student has consecutive recitaone begins five minutes later.

This reminds me of the old University clock.

I have heard it strike so many times that it strikes distinctly to my memory now. The chiming of that clock affects the student in much

24t> JMY COLLEGE DAYS.

the same manner that "The Star Spangled Banner"does the American.

It strikes the hour on one large bell, so that a similar sound follows each stroke, while it strikes the quarters on two bells.

At the end of the first quarter it strikes one bell, then another.

At the end of the half hour it makes four strokes;

the first and third on one bell, the second and fourth on another.

At the end of the third quarter it makes six strokes; the first, third and fifth on one bell, and the others on a second.

So that the student is never led to confuse the striking of the quarter and the hour.

Twice each day the clock chimes; at 7:30 a. m., and at 5:30 p. m.

It might be of interest to my readers for me to tell them that I was especially fond of hearing the old clock strike at a quarter to the hour.

One would naturally think that I should take most kindly to the hour stroke—the time for closing classes.

This, however, was not so;

my preference for the striking at the end of the third quarter arising, perhaps, from the fact that had I recited, I was anxious for the recitation to close.

Had I not recited, I was invariably nervous, fearing lest my recitation might be a failure.

You will not be surprised that my recollections of the clock are especially vivid, when I tell you that I listened to its striking for some years under these same conditions.

The striking of the hour was a signal for every man to put on his rubbers; and let me assure you that at that moment I neitner counted strokes nor paid attention to the sounds.

The brief description that follows, will awaken familiar thoughts of any

Michigan student that chances to read these lines:

It is a quarter to six.

The library is full of students.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, dong—the old clock strikes.

The noise of its wheels and the squeaking of its heavy ropes makes the newcomer feel that the building is shaking from tower to base.

To the old student this is a most welcome sound.

The clock has disturbed him.

He ceases his reading.

His eyes are tired, and he rubs them.

He tilts himself back in the library chair;

rocks a little from side to side;

leisurely gathers his scattered manuscript together, and returns to the library attendant the books he has been using, preparatory to leaving the building.

His hat and coat have been carefully cared for by the old man, hired for this purpose, and now a check must be deposited to obtain them. The student passes through two sets ofheavy double doors; goes down the large, stone steps and walks leisurely along the pavement towards his boarding house.

True, a long evening's study lies before him ere his day's work is done; but this is a little intermission.

The recitations of the day are over.

The student has worked hard;

he has been successful, and like all other healthful workers, he is happy.

Thus the experiences of one day are repeated each successive day of a college course.

So methodical is the life of a student, that persons generally would do well to pattern after it.

Classes are regular.

Meals are regular.

Work is regular.

The punctuality practiced and attained in college towns by boarding-house keepers, students, churches and places of amusement, would seem ideal in this western country, where a disregard for it is so noticeable.

Especially would I mention the punctuality at the boarding houses.

Seven-thirty »vas the breakfast hour;

twelve-thirty, the dinner hour, and at six o'clock came supper.

Not infrequently were we at our boarding places a few minutes before meal time; but in no case were the meals served before the appointed hour.

Nor do I remember, during my four years, having to wait for a minute after the campus'clock had struck the hour, for a meal.

In all things the student is court-

THE CONSISTENCIES OF MORMONISM.

eous, and regards the rights of his fellows.

In righting a wrong, students are inclined to give, gladly, more than the law demands.

A gentleman steps into the snow to let a lady keep the path; not because etiquette demands it, but because favoring the lady gives him pleasure.

The city pavements are only wide enough for two; and when students pass one another, they always fall in line, so that no one is crowded off the walk.

The Ann Arbor mail is delivered twice per day, requiring the services of twelve carriers.

At the postoffice, in addition to the general deliver) each carrier has a window where mail is distributed every evening;

also Sunday mornings and holidays.

''Going to the postoffice, "is quite an important part of college life.

The mail is ready tor distribution about fifteen minutes before seven o'clock, so that going for the mail makes a pleasant after supper walk.

It is at the college postoffice that the principle of "first come, first served,"is carried out to the letter.

The students invariably "line up;"the first man taking his place at the window, the others falling in line as they come.

Should a man not take his place in line he might stand by the window any length of time;

the carrier would not give him his mail until all the others were served.

In order that all may be treated justly, the rule is that one man can get mail for but one house.

Not uncommonly, an upper-class man will say to a freshman: "Be kind enough to ask for my mail—No. 33 Jefferson."The poor freshman's face beams with delight, because he has an opportunity to do something tor a junior or a senior.

He asks for "No. 33,"receives the letters, asks for his own mail and receives it not;

nor is there any other way of getting it except he return to the bottom ol the line.

Richard R. Lyman.

THE CONSISTENCIES OF MORMONISM.

IV.

We now come to one of the most important steps in the missionary's experience, and that is the manner in which God bestows His authority to earth, and the remarkable circumstances attending its restoration in this age of the world.

From the very limited account of the priesthood contained in the Bible, we do not learn that there was ever a time when there was not a man upon the earth who held the keys of revelation and prophecy, from our first parents down to the last apostles of Jesus Christ.

This will be an easy matter for the missionary to demonstrate;

in fact, we opine that when this proposition is laid down by him, that his hearers will not attempt to deny it.

Then the first step having been taken, the next will be to show that God, never having done anything without first communicating His intentions to His servants, that He will not do anything affecting the destiny of His children, unless, as was said by one of old, "He first revealeth His secrets to His servants the prophets,"By reading the Scriptures the Elder can readily acquaint himself with the remarkable work that is to be performed in this dispensation, when the final restitution of all things will take place.

This can be rehearsed to his hearers, and then can be shown the great necessity for a prophet of God being chosen to inaugurate this work.

Certainly, man of his own wisdom cannot bring about the condition prophesied about, for they have been trying for centuries to remedy the existing state of things and regenerate society, and have miserably failed.

If they cannot, then, of their own wisdom, per-

THE CONSISTENCIES OE MORMON1SM.

form a comparatively small work like this, certainly, then, they are not capable of inaugurating the greater work which God destined in past ages to usher in preparatory to the winding up scene.

Then, as it is useless to look to man, we must look to a higher source, and to whom can we more naturally look than the Creator of the earth and of the human race?

He has promised most distinctly and emphatically through His servants the prophets, that He would raise up men after His own heart to do this work, and this has been the great source of consolation and comfort to the righteous, who have understood it in all ages.

Prophets and kings desired it long, But died without the sight.

John the Revelator prophesied that an angel would be sent from heaven with the everlasting Gospel to proclaim to all nations, kindreds, tongues and peoples.

Daniel the prophet foretold distinctly that in the last days the God of heaven would set up a kingdom, which should never be thrown down—small in its commencement like a mustard seed, or, as the prophet saw in vision, like "a stone cut out of the mountain without hands,"but gradually increasing in size and power until it broke in pieces and absorbed every other kingdom, until finally it filled the whole earth.

Isaiah, Zachariah, Ezekiel and other inspired writers wrote copiously and interestingly of Jehovah's great work in the last days.

Now, then, we come to the question as to how the Lord will commence the work which He has spoken so much of by the mouth of His holy prophets.

How has He ever accomplished any work upon the earth up to the present?

By human instrumentality.

He has chosen some man to be His mouthpiece, His representative among men, to act in His stead and has clothed such a man with the holy priesthood and enlightened him with continual revelation from heaven, and bestowed upon him the gift of the Holy Ghost, that he might know the mind of God.

Before God determined to destroy the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, He called His servant, Lot, to go and preach repentance to them;

when He made up His mind to destroy mankind off the face of the earth, and sweep it with a flood, He raised up Noah, clothed him with Hib priesthood and commissioned him to preach salvation to them; when He was ready to deliver the children of Israel from their Egyptian oppressors, He called Moses, and revealed

Himself to him regarding that great work; when they were besieged in battle, He appeared to Gideon at the wine press and clothed him with

His power to lead the hosts of Israel triumphantly to battle.

It is the same history repeated over and over again.

When the Lord gets ready to do His work, then He will select the instrument, and "no man taketh this honor upon himself, but he that is called of God as was Aaron.

Let the Elder turn to the twenty-eighth chapter of Exodus and show the manner in which God did call Aaron, as Paul distinctly says that that is the only way man receives this power.

Having shown, therefore, the necessity of this great latter-day work being performed and the manner in which God selects men to perform His work, it should be shown the kind of men He calls for His instruments.

Ask the world and it would at once suggest the most learned and influential men to be found.

Bur God's ways are not as man's ways, neither are His thoughts as man's thoughts. Andwhile men generally choose some great and celebrated man to perform any great work, the

Lord does not work in that manner.

He does not choose great men, lest they glory in their greatness;

nor learned men, lest they glory in their learning; nor men well versed in the

THE CONSISTENCIES OF MORMONISM.

knowledge and wisdom of the world, lest they glory in their wisdom.

He chooses the foolish things of the world to confound the wise;

the weak things of the earth to confound the mighty, and the things that are not, to bring to naught things that are.

Why?

That "no flesh should glory in His presence."The very reason why the great work in question is to be a "marvelous work and a wonder,"is because by it "the wisdom of their wise men shall perish and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid."The Lord calls men unversed in the wisdom of the world, accounted foolish by the wise and great; unlearned, poor, the idol of no sect or party, without influence among men;

in short, the very man above all others that would not be chosen if men had the choosing.

God only wants those men whom He can use "like clay in the hands of the potter."Such men were Noah, Moses, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Elijah, Gideon and all the other prophets.

Then is there any cause for consternation when we declare God called a person in this day, who was almost the very similitude of these ancient worthies?

Joseph Smith was poor, unlearned, a mere youth of fifteen years (a trifle older than David when he was called and anointed by Samuel to be king over

Israel,), and on account of his youth, necessarily comparatively ignorant of the ways of the world.

He belonged to no religious sect or party, He was an obscure stripling.

He was the last individual in the world that men would have thought of naming for the important post assigned him by the Lord, and his whole course was directly opposite to that of learned men in the accomplishment of his mission.

He was raised in comparative indigence, and had to toil for his bread.

His mind was gradually prepared, by visions and the ministration of angels, for the work which was before him.

God called him in identically the same 4 a manner as He called Moses and Gideon—by appearing to him in person, while engaged in prayer, in compliance with the divine injunction, that "whosoever lacks wisdom let him ask of God who giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not, and it shall be given him."God the Father appeared to the boy, Joseph Smith, accompanied by His Son, Jesus Christ, and introduced His Son to him, commanding him to hear what He had to say.

After this personal visitation of the

Father and the Son, other holy personages visited him, and instructed him on the great work God was about to entrust to his care, until, in due time the keys of the Aaronic and Melchisedek priesthood were conferred upon him by those who had held them last on the earth.

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were ordained to the Aaronic priesthood on the fifteenth of May, 1829, and Joseph says regarding it: "We, on a certain day went into the woods to pray, and inquire of the Lord respecting baptism for the remission of sins, as we found mentioned in the translation of the plates.

While we were thus employed, praying and calling upon the Lord, a messenger from heaven in a cloud of light, and having laid his hands upon us, he ordained us, saying unto us, 'Upon you, my fellow servants, in the name of the Messiah, I confer the priesthood of Aaron, which holds the keys of the ministering of angels, and of the gospel of repentance, and for baptism by immersion for the remission of sins.'* He said this Aaronic priesthood had not the power of laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, but that this should be conferred upon us hereafter.

The messenger who visited us on this occasion, and conferred upon us this priesthood, said that his name was John, the same that i called John the Baptist in the New Testament, and that he acted under the direction of Peter, James and

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

John, who held the keys of the priesthood of Melchisedek, which priesthood, he said, should in due time be conferred upon us."The particular circumstances under which the Prophet Joseph was ordained to the higher or Melchisedek priesthood have not yet been published to the world;

but in a revelation given to him in September, 1830, the Lord says, "And also with

Peter, and James, and John, whom I have sent unto you, by whom I have ordained you and confirmed you to be Apostles and especial witnesses of my name."Joseph Smith really was the man chosen by the Lord for the accomplishment of His purposes in the last days, and certainly if the Lord did intend to confound the wisdom of the wise and bring to naught the understanding of the prudent, He could not possibly have chosen a fitter instrument for the purpose.

Through him have been solved the great religious, political and social problems which have for ages engaged the serious attention of the greatest of men.

The religious organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day

Saints is the most elaborate, perfect and consistent extant.

Joseph Smith was the means of introducing principles that cause so many to evince such fearfulness of their future power and influence.

Every man who will practice the truths revealed through him may know for himself whether Joseph Smith was indeed sent of God or whether he spoke by his own wisdom.

When the elders go forth among the nations to preach the Gospel, the

Spirit constrains them to testify to the divine mission of Joseph the Prophet, because this is the determining point, the test by which all men in this generation are to be tried.

The record of the life and writings of the Prophet Joseph, not only in the theory of salvation, but in the practical application of that theory to the present condition and wants of mankind, is not equaled by any inspired record yet made known to the world.

If the missionary wants to make a study of the greatest consistency of Mormonism, let him thoroughly understand in what manner the Lord restores His authority to earth, and how He has done so in this age of the world.

James H.

Wallis.

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY and MISSION IV.

The religion of the ancient Hawaiians presents many strange peculiarities and puzzling inconsistencies.

Beginning with traditions which clearly indicate that once they were worshipers of the true and living God, they finally invested the Godhead with heathenish attributes and multiplied deities, ceremonies and restrictions, until the truth was buried in dark superstitions and savage rites, appealing wholly to slavish fear and ignorance.

Their legends pertaining to the creation, the fall of man, the deluge, and other events pertaining to the early history of the world, are remarkable for fidelity to the written history preserved in the Holy Scripture.

In the beginning there was a condition of chaos or darkness, which they designate as Po or night.

Then there was in existence a trinity of Gods:

Kane, the Supreme God and originator; Ku, the architect and builder, and Lono, the executor and director of the elements.

By them light was first evolved into the regions of Po; then followed the creation of the heavens, the earth and the constellations of the heavens.

Afterward they created hosts of angels, who became their servants and

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

messengers, and finally man was created and placed upon the earth.

The first man, or Adam, was moulded from red clay in the exact image of Kane, the supreme god, who breathed into his nostrils and he became a living soul.

Woman was created from a rib taken from the man while he slept.

The man was called Kumu-honua, the foundation or beginning of the world, and the woman, Ke-ola-ku-honua, the life pertaining to the world.

They were placed by the gods in Palhdi, a beautiful garden, watered by lifegiving streams of water, and prolific in ail kinds of fruits and flowers, containing also the tabooed or forbidden tree, which was associated in some not clearlv defined manner, with the expulsion from the garden.

Among the angels first created was Kanaloa, who incited a rebellion in Heaven and with his followers was cast out, as was Lucifer.

The legend tells how, when man was created, that Kanaloa demanded his adoration; but this being denied him, he resolved to make a man who would worship him. He moulded an earthly image like Kumuhonua, but his breath failed to impart unto it life; neither could it hear when he called to it, nor could his commands raise it to life.

Angered by his failure, he determined to destroy the man created bv Kane; and to accomplish his design, crept into Paliuli in the form of a huge moo lizard (the only representative of the reptile family, known upon the islands).

By some means he succeeded in tempting Kumu-honua and his wife to sin against the commands of their God, and they were driven out of the garden, and immense birds were placed to guard the entrance and keep them from the forfeited joys of paradise.

Kumua-honua had three sons, the second of whom was killed by his elder brother.

The third son, Kabili, became the successor to his father, and through his lineage thirteen generations are counted to the next great event in the history of the world, the great deluge by which all mankind except Nuu and his family were destroyed.

After IVuu, ten generations are given to Ktipule, who established the rite of circumcision, and became grandfather to Kini-lau-a-mano\ the father of twelve sons, founders of twelve tribes, from one of which the Hawaiians claim descent.

Without following the parallel farther, it is enough to state that the story of Genesis is told with remarkable fidelity.

There is another legend following these which tells how the progenitors of the Hawaiians were led by two brothers across wide deserts and through many waters, to a land separated unto them by Kane.

It would be very interesting to follow their legends yet farther, and learn if they were not similar to the records of the ancient Nephites; but they have not been so carefully preserved by modern historians, because, when they ceased to deal with well-known events of the common history of mankind, they ceased to awaken the same interest as did earlier tradi tions.

Whatever may have been the purity of their original worship, in time it was wholly obscured by the superstitions and fearful reverence accorded to the monstrous deities who had usurped the place of the God of heaven, in their darkened hearts.

As the gods were multiplied, so were the priests who regulated their worship, until they became a numerous and powerful class, rich in lands and slaves.

Each chief had his family priest, who followed him to battle, carried his war god, and looked after his family worship.

The rank of the priest was guaged by that of their chief;

and in order to add to their own dignity, they were not slow to throw about their ruler, the sanctity of the pretended favor of the gods.

The power of

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

the priests, though it was more of a religious nature, was scarcely inferior to that of the chiefs;

both sustained their powers in absolute disregard of the common rights of humanity.

Every ceremony that superstitious fear and ignorance could frame to render them more absolute in their already overgrown power, was imposed upon the common people.

Thus the impositions and restrictions of the Kaptt or taboo became engrafted unto the''Law of Carnal Commandments."The evidence is conclusive that at one time the progenitors of the Hawaiian people lived under the "Laws of Moses,"but after their apostasy, when the power of the chief and priest had so extensively increased, these laws were changed and perverted into the most pronounced special class or Kapu laws favoring their arrogant claims, and the Kapu became an essential feature of the ancient Hawaiian religion.

The meaning of the word is marked, set apart, forbidden or consecrated.

Critically considered, it was a royal or priestly prerogative designed to perpetuate the power of chief and priest over the common people.

The religious Kapus were fixed and clearly defined, so that the people might guard against breaking them, as were also some of the Kapus pertaining to the chiefs; but others were varied and uncertain, depending upon the humor of those by whom they were imposed.

These might be in nocently violated, but ignorance was considered no excuse;

punishment was sure to follow, the usual penalty being death.

To the common people, everything pertaining to the worship of the gods, or more properly to the priesthood was Kapu.

Hogs given alive as offerings to the gods, were worked with the mark of the temple and turned loose to fatten on the plantations of the people.

To injure them or even to drive them away was considered a serious offense.

Neither could any common man use any property consecrated to, that is, claimed by the chiefs.

The force of this restriction will be better understood when it is remembered that the chief might set his mark upon anything he desired belonging to his subjects and it became his.

For the original possessor to continue to hold and use the same, was to break a Kapu, and this set the seal to his doom.

For a common man to walk in the shadow of a chief, or to approach him except by permission and then in a cringing, crawling manner, with face to the ground, or to be found in a more elevated position or in fact, break any of the numerous, absurd regulations of the Kapu, was a serious offense, punished by death.

It was a violation of the Kapu for a woman to eat certain kinds of fish and fruits, or under any circumstances to eat with men, or under certain conditions to associate with or even speak to a man.

These restrictions applied alike to the women of the royal family and to the lowest slave, and were especially galling to the favored classes.

The Pulonlou, a staff surmounted with the royal color, yellow, or the priestly color, red, was a standing warning against trespass.

In like manner certain paths were reserved for the royal pleasure, a certain bathing place consecrated to him or the property of another confiscated to his rapacious greed.

Incidental Kapus were often decreed by the supreme chief or king, and proclaimed by heralds that they might be general.

These general Kapus were intended to celebrate noted events or to propitiate the gods, and were either common or strict.

If common they constituted merely a holiday, when all ordinary vocations were laid aside for the time specified and the services of the temples were attended bv the men but if strict they were observed with every regard to their sacredness.

Nc fires were kindled and every

SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

light was extinguished, no work of any kind was performed, not even bathing was permitted, pigs, dogs and fowls were even muzzled or placed under calabashes that they might make no noise, and the people conversed in awed whispers.

The gloom and silence were universal, else it was thought that the Kapu would fail and the gods be displeased.

Much might be written on this fruitful subject, but enough has already been said to give an idea of the force and utility of the Kapu in establishing a religious despotism under which the land had lor ages groaned, and to emphasize the fact of the deplorable condition of a people left entirely without heavenly guidance.

Although Kane, Ku and Lono were always considered the divine and supreme trinity, Kanaloa, the Hawaiian Lucifer, in time became invested with divine honors and was worshiped with them.

And after them were many independent gods, whose worship was in no way associated with them.

The spirits of relatives and friends after death were worshiped and prayers were offered to them.

The people also made their own gods who were reverenced and honored in proportion to the favors which they were credited with bestowing, and if it was believed that they were not sufficiently beneficent in this respect they were destroyed and others were made.

Among the independent gods more recently added to the Hawaiian pantheon, none received such homage as Pele, the goddess of volcanoes.

Temples and altars were raised to her in all the volcano regions of Hawaii and sacrifices were 'never lacking upon her altars.

The priests who conducted her worship became the richest and most influential of their class.

To neglect them or to fail to offer suitable gifts was sure to bring dire ruin upon the offenders.

The vials of her wrath were poured out in fiery floods to overwhelm them.

Associated with Pele were a numerous family of brothers and sisters, who, with her resided in the fiery halls of Kilauca and were all subject to her bidding.

She possessed the divine power of transforming herself into any form she chose, and sometimes as a young woman of most exquisite charms she delighted in playing havoc with the susceptible hearts of mortal princes.

While many of the gods have become a vague memory, Pele is, today, a reality to many whose parents once bowed at her fearful shrine.

Even as late as 1882, she was publicly worshiped by the late Princess Ruth, last of the illustrious Kamehameha family.

There was an eruption from Mauna Loa, and from the mountain side a broad stream of lava advanced like a gleaming wall of fire toward the town of Hilo.

Nothing could stay its progress or divert its flow, hollows were filled by the half cooled flood and over the bridge thus made the fiery stream advanced to its work of destruction.

Day followed day but brought no hope of deliverance, the town seemed doomed!

The stern old princess had never in her heart given up the gods of her fathers.

Said she:

"Pele will not turn a deaf ear to the prayers of a Kamehameha."So chartering a steamer at Honolulu, she, with her retinue of servants, sailed for the scene of devastation.

Behold the wall of fire within a mile of the town, and slowly advancing!

It was a critical time—a time for speedy action!

A rude altar was erected near the flow and offerings were made to Pele and prayers uttered to stay the resistless tide.

Strange to relate the eruption subsided, the flow ceased and today forms a black and shining background overlooking the village.

''A strange coincidence we say;

but imagine the effect on a rude people just emerging from a condition of heathendom!

One of their neglected gods had vindicated

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COLNJ R> AM) MISSION.

her power, and to them it was a wonderful and convincing demonstration.

Public Hciaus, or temples, were reared to the minor as well as to the supreme gods, and were usually within enclosures of from one to five acres.

The walls were often of unhewn stones, laid up without mortar.

Fifteen to twenty feet was no uncommon width for these walls at the base, and the elevation was about the same.

Within the enclosure was the Luakini, or temple proper, before which was a raised altar ol stone, upon which sacrifices were laid.

Within the Luakini was a small enclosure called the Anu, from which the oracles of the priest were issued, and about its walls were ranged, idols and charms, sacred to the gods.

Within the walls were also houses for the accommodation of the priests, who assisted in the rites and ceremonies of the temples;

and also a house for the reigning chief, where he might reside while seeking the direction of the gods, and doubtless intended primarily as a place of refuge in times of great danger; for none, whatever the provocation, were so foolhardy as to brave the displeasure of the gods by violating the sanctity of their temples.

There was one feature of their religion which afforded some relief to the savage cruelty which was its chief characteristic:

this was the Puuhonua, or city of refuge.

Of these there were two on the island of

Hawaii, and perhaps others on some of the other islands.

To these sacred enclosures fled those who had transgressed the Kapu laws, and fugitives fleeing from their enemies, and in fact all who had violated any law by which their lives were in danger.

They were received at the gates by the priest; and once within, they were safe even though the king himself pursued.

After a short stay they could safely come forth again, being considered under the divine protection of the god Keawe, the tutular deity of the Puuhonuas.

These Puuhonuas were analagous to the "cities of refuge,"provided in the laws of Moses, and form one more link in the chain of evidence, binding the Hawaiians in kinship with ancient Israel.

Sacrifice was supposed to be an essential element in propitiating the gods, and were demanded by the priests on all occasions, being guaged by their own desires.

When a temple was dedicated, or when any enterprise of danger or importance was contemplated, human beings were demanded.

These consisted of those who had violated the Kapu, and the first prisoners taken in war;

but when these"failed, a draft was made upon the common people.

The priest named the number, and they were supplied by the chief or king.

Victims for the altar were slain without the walls of the temple, and their bodies laid upon the altar and left to decay, as an acceptable offering to the gods.

There was a universal belief in a world of spirits, which was presided over by two former kings of Hawaii.

This spirit world was called Po, night; though not entirely without light; and was located somewhere within the center of the earth. There as on the earth, the best gifts and most enduring joys were reserved for the favored classes.

As pertaining to the condition of the common people, the legends are very vague and unsatisfactory.

A sadder fate than theirs could scarcely be conceived: doomed on earth to lives of slavish fear;

and even in death, denied the cheering hopes of future joys!

Taken all in all, the Hawaiian religion was a dark and gloomy departure from the soul-sustaining truths of the everlasting Gospel.

It possessed no moral force; inculcated no precepts of a higher life;

but was, throughout, a groveling conception of savage and darkened minds.

Instead of sustaining the

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

soul with promises of future rest, it was intended only to bind the masses in hopeless bondage to chief and priest.

Woe to the hapless beings who either wilfully or unwittingly violated one of the edicts of those merciless tyrants;

or, as they were led to believe, one of the laws of the gods;

if happily they escaped a cruel death at the hands of the executioner, so thoroughly was the belief in the fearful attributes of their blood-loving deities inculcated into their very being, that they were doomed to suffer the excruciating fears of a diseased imagination and the tortures ofan accusing conscience, till death, when it came, as it often did in such cases, was a most welcome boon.

When they were brought in contact with civilization and saw with what impunity their most sacred Kapus were violated by the foreigners, they at first looked for death to overtake the sacrilegious person, but as he escaped they began to lose some of their own fear and to question the belief of their fathers.

Women were especially anxious to escape the bondage of a system that was intended to impress most forcibly upon them the degradation of their sex, and gradually but fearfully and in secret they began to eat of the forbidden fruits and meats, gradually paving the way for an event that is without parallel in the history of the world, even the total and absolute repudiation by a nation of the faith and gods that for years had claimed their homage.

When Kamehameha died in 1819, he was succeeded by his son Liholiho, who had associated with him as next in power the favorite wife of his father, Kaahumanu.

Ambitious and scheming the restrictions of kapu were galling to her pride, and she sighed for the unbounded freedom her soul craved to do and act as she pleased.

There was but one way to accomplish this, to do away with the laws that bound her equally with her lowest slave under its humiliating exactions.

She succeeded in winning over to her plans the mother of Liholiho, the prime minister of the kingdom and the chief high priest, who was honored next to the king himself.

These were too well aware of the error of the old belief, and had at the same time some vague idea of the Christian God, gathered mainly it is true from rough and often impious sailors, but they were united in their desires for the abolition of the kapu.

This power belonged alone to the king, and they finally won him over.

A feast was prepared and according to custom men and women were eating at separate tables, when the king, urged on by the conspirators and yet quaking with fear seated himself by his mother and began eating with her, then ordered food forbidden to women placed before them to eat.

In doing this he broke one of the strictest kapus, and the effect was electrical.

The cry "The kapu is broken''was taken up and carried like wild fire throughout the group.

The hearts of the multitude were filled with joy, and they were not slow to follow the example of their king.

Feasts were made and many women for the first time tasted of the interdicted fruits and meats.

Following this event was the decree that all the temples and idols should be destroyed and the worship of the old gods abolished.

When the first missionaries arrived at the islands about six months later they found a people without gods, without temples and without any form of worship, and they found the work of proselyting comparatively easy.

Today it would be difficult if not impossible to find one of the natives who does not profess the Christian belief, and it must be conceded they are earnest and sincere and that considering the condition they were in as a nation only a generation ago they have made remarkable progress.

Marvin E.

Pack.

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, Feisruary, 1896.

UTAH A STATE.

Utah has at last received the boon to which she has long been entitled.

She enters the Union with every prospect of maintaining a glorious position among her sister states.

This blessing is the happy consummation of the hopes and labors of nearly half a century of the residents of this grand country, which in point of all material, though to some extent undeveloped, wealth, is second to none on the face of the globe.

All Latter-day Saints should rejoice at what "God hath wrought,"though we have heard some Elders express sorrow that statehood has come, because they assume to see therein a failure of prophecy.

It has been asserted that President Young and others of the early pioneers and

Elders of the people have predicted that Utah would never enter the Union, and up to the very day the proclamation was issued making Utah a State, some of these individuals stoutly affirmed that such would never be our condition.

Are we then to believe that the prophets have been mistaken?

No;

rather must we acknowledge that men have been mistaken, they having placed wrong constructions upon the words of the inspired leaders.

To do this is no uncommon thing, for in the days of Jesus His disciples were unable to understand His predictions to them concerning His death and subsequent resurrection.

Hence, when He was hung upon the cross, they returned to their varied labors feeling that their hopes were vain.

So, too, with the friends of Joseph Smith.

They could not understand his remarks concerning his death until after that sad event had occurred;

otherwise, they would have been more anxious than was he to make the journey to the Rocky Mountains, and thus save his life to the people whom he had, through the blessings of God, so abundantly blessed.

Again, the Latter-day Saints expected, when they were located in Missouri and in Illinois, and the Center Stake of Zion had been designated by revelation, where the great latter-day temple shall be built, that they would always remain in their fertile and inviting country.

This was because they did not understand the prophecies of the past.

Now, they can readily see that without their having come to the mountains the words of the ancient prophets would have remained unfulfilled.

Thus it will also be eventually with those who have been disappointed at statehood, providing they retain the faith.

They will yet be able to see that without statehood the words of God concerning Zion could not have been fulfilled.

Had President Young and others of his co-laborers believed statehood impossible, they certainly would not have made the repeated efforts which they did to obtain this privilege from the government.

Under the territorial form of government the Latter-day Saints have received many blessings. When we compare the freedom we enjoyed with the despotism of many European nations, we certainly cannot feel other than thankful to God that our lines were cast in such pleasant places, even though many trials and some persecutions have fallen to our lot in the Territory.

When the people were too poor to pay their governmental expenses, the same were met by the appropriations of the national legislature, thus relieving us of financial burdens which might have fallen too heavily upon the people in their growing and somewhat undeveloped condition.

EDITORIAL.

Now that we have entered upon an important epoch, however, it is well for us to consider in solemnity the responsibilities resting upon us.

As the young man who attains his majority forms resolutions lor the government of his conduct, so may the State well adopt principles for its observance which will be beneficial to all the people.

Among these principles we will mention as one of the first the necessity for Utah to avoid debts which the people will be unable to meet.

Already some other States of the Union seriously talk of repudiating their indebtedness, which would be a disgrace to any commonwealth.

We are already burdened in Utah to a sufficient extent with indebtedness, and the State should not incur any obligations which it does not see its way clear to discharge.

Where heavy indebtedness is incurred bv the State or municipality, the people are exposed to the danger of losing their homes through heavy taxation, and nothing makes a State or nation more unsafe than to have tenants instead of landholders for its inhabitants.

Already many homes have been lost to poor people in our cities because of the heavy taxes; and when the people complain of the burdens, some rich people respond that "the city is only for the rich."This sentiment should find no place with us.

We want to make it possible for the workman and the capitalist to live in the city without any fear of loss of home because of excessive taxation.

It will be a sorry day for Utah if class distinctions, because of wealth, grow up among the citizens.

We have abundant resources within ourselves to not only pay our debts, but also to meet all necessary expenses.

It only requires the husbanding of our incomes and wise expenditures to make Utah's credit second to that of no State in the Union, or nation of the world.

Indeed, if prophecy is fulfilled, the Latter-day Saints, whether they live in Utah or elsewhere, will yet be a lending instead of a borrowing nation.

We cannot better begin the fulfillment of this prophecy than with the advent ol statehood.

Sectionalism should be strictly avoided.

It is already stated that a certain candidate for office of one of the parties, was selected because of the location of his home rather than because of his fitness for the position.

Indeed, the idea prevails and is encouraged by the national parties, that each part of the State must be represented on the State ticket.

Wherever this is possible without injury to the business of the State, it is, of course, the best plan; but we maintain that fitness should always select the officials, and that every successful candidate should be so patriotic that he will faithfully represent all parts of the State equal to his own special locality.

Briber)'is a feature to which all commonwealths are exposed.

Indeed, one gentleman of wide travel and experience in the United States, remarked a few days ago, that it would not be lung before money would control the offices of Utah, as is the case elsewhere in the nation.

We hope his prediction will fail.

The people of Utah have established for themselves a character which is unimpeachable in their financial dealings.

They should be equally honorable in the affairs of State.

Any man who offers a bribe is a villain, and any man who accepts a bribe is a slave.

Every man in Utah should be a patriot, and should stand firm for that principle, so beautifully enunciated by a hero of the Revolution, who was approached by an agent of Great Britain with an offer of money for his influence and favor.

The hero turned to the British agent, rejecting his proposition with scorn, and said:

"I am not worth buying, but such as I am, the king of Great Britain is not rich enough to do it."

EDITORIAL, There are other dangers to which the State will be exposed, but against these we have every reason to believe that those who have been selected to manage the affairs of State will be constantly guarded.

We hope Utah will be an example to all the world, of faithfulness to every trust, diligence in every duty, integrity of purpose and of patriotic devotion to the Constitution.

HOPE AND FAITH.

It sometimes happens that the Elders of the Church in administering to the sick make promises of recovery which fail of fulfillment.

A good sister of some prominence who recently died, received frequent administrations, and numerous prayers were offered to God for her recovery.

She was promised repeatedly that she should be healed, a patriarch being among those who administered to her with this assurance; hence her husband and friends were confident that she would soon be fully restored.

Every time the Elders blessed her or offered prayers in her behalf, there appeared to be a temporary improvement.

One day, however, there was a sudden and apparent decrease of vital force, and to the surprise of all, her spirit passed peacefully away.

How astonished her kindred and friends were the reader can well imagine.

On the one hand were the promises of the Elders that the afflicted one should recover, but on the other hand was the fact of death.

The natural questions were, How could this be?

Is faith no longer a power?

Are prayers ineffectual?

Faith does exist, and is still a power capable of accomplishing all things.

No blessing asked in faith, that will be for our good, shall be withheld.

Prayers are heard and answered by God according to our faith.

Then, the explanation which is presented for the failure of the promises concerning the recovery of the afflicted sister is that some other spirit than that of God prompted the remarks of the Elders about this case.

We all know how our sympathies are moved and our hearts are touched because of the physical sufferings of those to whom we administer, and the mental anguish of the nearest kindred.

Under these feelings our hopes are aroused and we sometimes promise hopefully things that are contrary to the purposes of God.

Hence our predictions, made under such conditions, fail of fulfillment and disappointments ensue.

Thus the lesson comes directly home to each Elder to carefully cultivate the

Spirit of God, and learn to know its promptings so thoroughly that they will not be misunderstood under any circumstances, however great may be our sympathy and love for those we bless.

We may be assured that the prophecies made by the revelations of God will never fail, however improbable their fulfillment may seem; but promises made from love, sympathy, or any other cause, which are not in harmony with God's will, cannot be realized.

FAITH AMONG THE INDIANS.

Elder Henry Rogers, of Lehi Ward, Maricopa Stake, has been a faithful friend to the Indians of Arizona, and this, with his integrity to God, has made him much beloved by the Lamanites.

They also have great faith in his judgment and his power with God.

The simpleminded natives, therefore, often come to him for advice and help on various matters.

One day as he was sitting near his wagon at a Lamanite village, in a desert country, some Indians came to him with the remark that they desired to dig a well, and wanted him to tell them where to. do so.

Without giving any special thought to their inquiry he looked up, and seeing a stone on the ground some di? tan ce away, told them to dig it there.

MAN AND WOMAN.

When he saw these people begin their work of excavation, he became frightened that they should take in earnest an unconsidered remark. He went away, however, and was absent several weeks, during all of which time, whenever he thought of the advice he had given, he was filled with dread.

When he returned he inquired of the Indians about their well.

They replied that they had found water at a depth of two hundred and thirty feet, which was very surprising, as other wells in that vicinity were three hundred and three hundred and fifty feet in depth.

The water was both abundant and sweet, and was a great blessing to travelers.

It was certainly inspiration that gave

Brother Rogers the advice he imparted.

One day, an Indian carrying a sick child carefully in his arms, and, accompanied by his squaw, came to Elder Henry Rogers and requested him to heal the infant.

"Do you believe the child can be healed by the laying on of hands?"inquired the Elder.

The Indian responded that he had perfect faith in the ordinance. Thereupon

Brother Rogers administered to the child and it was instantly healed.

It was subsequently learned that this Indian had ridden horseback, with his wife, for about seventy miles, carrying the sick one carefully in their arms, the sole purpose of the trip being to receive this ordinance.

Seldom do we find such desire for counsel and sucn faith among white people as were thus exhibited by the illiterate, yet true-hearted Indians.

MAN AND WOMAN.

God Himself m ade the first man and woman

All others from woman had birth:

How then can the man be superior

To the being who brought him to earth?

God's laws gave the woman her infant,

For its pillow he made her soft breast;

Man's laws cannot make a like cushion

Where her offspring can find such sweet rest.

God's laws gave to woman her brain power.

Man's law takes its free use awayBy choosing for her all her rulers, And making her always obey.

God's laws and Himself are a unit

One God and one law for us all.

When man makes another for women

He must on some other God call.

God put only one heart in woman

And only one heart in a man, One road and one guide post to heaven:

Man's laws cannot change heaven's plan.

Irene Ackermaii

RETURN

OV TRUTH.

Words hy Wii.i.ard Donk.

Andantino et dolce.

LegalissimoJohn J.

McCi.ei.i.an, Jr.

1- pp dEHESa^lsf—F—r-y—-*—K~rl——*—

m/ ^i 1^*** iJ«.

.4 tempo.

i i ii d ii i i:fz=rjz=*=»zrzjLzz_ jr.

f„^-~^-h ^ff-iT'«r"l "mollo.

-r=:-jt-*-^ a tempo zr>. "tzz-r«zzn^-z*z»(zzz»^_a=:(;J=zi^:.

pp i;fc=^-?= g-* -v - I ^-^^H J ~^ *=F -H- 1.

'Tis night; the winds are out, their wailing Sounds soft ly sad o'er 2.

The ab sent love my tho'ts re - calling, Brings to my soul a piano.

RETURN OF TRUTH.

f V for-est trees, The moon's calm light is slow ly paliDg, The bit-ter grief, Thro'the dead past my hopes are falling, Like =*EF-^ T P -0- -0- -0- -0- 'nJ* V_» V_T s«_r -^J*^ N^ B=-fc F-P-6 t=tSi LLJ U.1- p L_p^_p m—-\ -**h mt::fc:r35== 5F -N—

clouds drop mois ture aut urn's yel low -*n- -•• xZ -0-0—+•* *S on the leas. The gloom descends up - withered leaf.

I seem by lov - ing:=a:

^v -9%- •*:=zne=**= Dim.

mf....

M I J,-3—# P j—1 *J -H ~-X-i 9 -Jr-fy ± a -*->- f± 3—w-g-H qP5:

JJii.

-h- -«-#—* 1—P—tt—5—f?

on the mountains, Like sa - ble man - tie on the dead, While ones for-sak - en, My trust is gone, my joys are fled, With Ores.

/J«*E ££-fe£fc.

JH^-h- ss ZJ^e±0-0—0 gy^—g f—

jj # p m-.v^^^W*-*-*-* -0-0- J—£-•* -yr——1_ 4^==^i==r,-=:d

RETURN OF TRUTH.

poco a poco tears gush from the heart's full fountain, By sor - rows end lSss blasts of grief my soul is shaken, And bowed my sad, de- m 3*s:fr——

Larghetto.

•I# ^il=E riv er fed.

fense- less head.

Larghetto.

£ l"»-Tll-^ q^zzizzz:zzz=;^itiz^^z^^*iq=izil=^P:^^^^pz=[:==c^^ -*-« d~iJJ -Vw« 's-« ==*«*S">^,—llk^-l 3-1 3^=j:-^Ezr-|,—^^j=3i^zf-* ^n=^=m^i i* - f! M f r r f i 5:

I i Allegretto quasi Andante—iriz/i z>u: -r EE=r^EEE33EEE2=?=*EEB^ t5 >,N ""35 rise, my soul!

My i-al—1-#—i——

i—s# -,-» g »—

i—

i—

Ped.

E—J "5 L* ffht _f-_j, » xt_——^l—* *_4_c p——2_M_.

an'-a S j-i *—a—» i--i—'-»

RETURN OF TRUTH.

-JT--+** heart a - wake! My love now ab - sent re-turn - ing, The n c?

r 1 4 =-»-«—p-* -0-j 1—

1—

W- 0-S.

i-u-,_ Rit. poco a poco.

-0-*- IV He H—

r-0^-*^9—

-tr _j—

.

clay is bright - er for his sake, He comes in answer to my -—*—1-—I-5-*—*—1-"\—H-0—\-0—-#-1—'^"V*- 1*—l-'-i—'\-"-^--i i3=:

4 tempo.

Cheerfully.

pesante.

_s -zzTj—Fff—?*—g—* ^»—*—E5—j#—#-^=tid yearn ing.

His loy-al - ty to me is sure, sure, His -0—+-0—hg—+ ~+ * -0- -0- -0- -0-0- -0- -0-0000-0-0- -00-00 -0-~+ m\m%00-00—v—*—?—

b r—tn—1—-I—1—*(-*-••**-•-•H-i^-S-*-*1^^^—*-,•—4—5-4 F=^-i-^-ii—;—:3=r3E5=ternF*

RETURN Oh TRUTH.

m heart t_t j—?p is true, His faith un brok - en, with #H—#-» j| itf*J|-«-«-|-S-*TU #fl»--*-i* S—

-fr-=fl ^P 5^^"^ iiHj- ==&to Largo.pp—/Ts- I ~3-—* -#——§ ^P-^i -—-1 «^j L^L^_# love which must for aye endure.

The vow "till death"s^i^igi rt<» » *i$j&>- J444 /-r\ ra—-J—1—

j,_-i-fl<-T:

w 333 dolcissimo.

=3&&=b=£=*—

soft - ly spoken.

1= poco apoco ritenuio.

PPP pp PPP:

T±0 -fi P V •s q^ Egg ~r r >y I—i^^ff-CT^ I^P taster J J C I* 'r i_i l t ^^PJ

DOCTOR G.W. SHORES

OMPLETE ATARRH URE.

BOTH LOCAL AND INTERNAL.

The only remedy guaranteed to absolutely cure catarrh and completely eradicate the disease from the blood and System.

FULL SIZE, $1.00; TRIAL SIZE, 25c.

Each full size package contains one full monfh's local treatment, one full month's supply of Catarrh Healing Balm and one full month's supply of Catarrh,

Blood and Stomach Pills.

If you have anv of the following symptoms,

Dr G.

W, Shores'Complete Catarrh Cure will give you instant relief and completely and permanently cure you.

Is the nose stopped up?

Does your nose discharge?

Is the nose sore and tender?

Is there pain in front of head?

Do you nawk to clear the throat?

Is your throat drv in the morning?

Do you sleep with your mouth open?

Is yotir hearing failing?

Do your ears discharge?

Is the wax dry in your ears?

Do you hear better some days than others?

Is vnur hp.iHro-.v,>rsc when vnii have a cold?

For sale by all Druggists, or sent to any address on receipt of price by Or. G. W. Shores, Salt Lake

City, Utah.

If your trouble is chronic and deep-seated, write Dr.

Q. W. Shores personally for his new symptom list and have your case diagnosed and get his expert advice free.

NOW READY.

The Fourth Edition of the M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 7, is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid, 25 Cents.

Also Twelve Lessons for this year's work of M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 2.

Price per copy, postpaid, 15 Cents.

FOR SALE BY Jtye Contributor Co., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, P. O. BOX 520 and by other Book Dealers.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency aod officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associalon.

fffffffffffffffffffffffff DANIEL HARRINGTON, Constitution building, Opposite Z. C. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes, (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utaa.

Good merchants find out that it pays to sell Macbeth lamp-chimneys because they make friends.

But look out for the one that is made for your lamp.

Let us send you the Index.

Geo A Macbeth Co Pittsburgh Pa |S|EW M AMMOTH Poultry Guide for 1896 Finest book ever published, contains nearly lftu pages, all printed in colors, plans for best poultry houses, sure remedies and recipes for all diseases, and how to make poultry

Kand gardening pay.

Sent post paid for 15c.

jfr'JohuBausclier, Jr., box 21 Freeport, 111, BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN JL CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS,.

COPYRICHTS, etcl *or information and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 361 Broadway, New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the

Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world.

Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weeklv, $3.00a year; $1,50 six months.

Address, MUNN & CO..

Publishers, 361 Broadway, New York City.

WORLD'S PICT8RIflIx LIJSB.

Absolute!^ Pure llnkn * SYSTEM, The Thkough Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars j^ Through

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office.

201 Main St S. H. H. Clark Oliver W. Mink E.ElleryAnderson Pred'k R. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKIN80N, E.L.LOMAX, General Mgr.

G.P.AT.A.

The BEST Medium Grade All Purpose Wheel.

26 and 28 inch.

For Men and Ladies.

A.H.CANNON.Ogden