%T vtise in The Contributor.

CO SI CM "3 o I—

CD CQ S3"i—

CD CD uu JCD o OS Every V.JVI.JVI.Ifl. should have a set of Bound Contributor

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1896.

PAGF.

The Cuban Revolution (Illustrated)

R. A. C.

Evidences of the Book of Mormon.

Some External Proofs of its Divinity.

II.

George Reynolds. 270 A Dollar, or the Reward of Charity

Ken. 278 Man was made to MoUrn Lewis Stewart. 28^ Sermons and Writings from the Prophets.

Spiritual Gifts College Department My College Days. V Richard R. Lyman. 297 John Stevens'Courtship.

A Tale ot the Buchanan War Homespun.

Anent Statehood C H. 306 A Great Temptation C. C. 307 Answers to Question- '.

James E. Talmage 312 "Jim.".

Alan Clifford. 313 An Acrostic.

Lewis Stewart. 317 Editorial: Noble Conduct How I reached Zion A.G. Pollard. 318 My First Mission Francis M. Lyman.,325 hlabllstied IS/3, Capital.

$200,000.

SURPLUS, $200,000. * WILFORD WOODRUFF, Prjbidknt.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashibe, Oldest and Largest Savings Bank in Utah, wl(b

Deposits greater than all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Prett.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vtce~Pretl.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M. Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T. G. Webber, H.

B. Gawson, Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman, George M. Cannon, L. John Nuttall, We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Four times a year.

Write for any In for.

matlon yon desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 1 3*5 MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.

RICHARD A. MCCURDY, PRESIDENT.

MAS PAID TO MEMBERS OVER $400,000,000.00.

HAS ON HAND OVER $220,000,000.00.

Writes Policies suited to the needs of persons in all circumstances.

For rates or iriformation address or apply to

WILLIAM M DOLLIVER, Dis. Manager for Utah, 55, 56, 57 COMMERCIAL BLOCK, SALT LAKE CITY.

13*13 @ prospectus* voi^ti:m:k> xvn, ftbe Contributor.

.1895-6,, m We are pleased to announce the following as some of the leading features of Volume Seventeen of The Contributor.

It is the determination to make this magazine occupy the front rank in our home literature, and we trust this effort will find encouragement in the liberal patronage of the public

PRESIDENT JOSEPH P. SMITH will instruct and interest ©m readers with some articles descriptive of

Early Days in the Valley, which will contain reminiscences of his valuable though offetimes trying experiences as a boy and man in Utah.

My First ilission, will be the title of some articles from the pen of APOSTLE FRANCIS M. LYMAN, wherein he will give an account of his interesting experience of traveling "without purse or scrip,"and many marvelous incidents connected with his ministry abroad.

APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT will narrate in a series of illustrated articles the incidents of a Visit to the Moquis, made by himself and Apostle Briqham YouNa.

These papers will portray in a resaisrkable manner the care and power of God which accompanied these

Elders.

The customs of this Indian tribe will also receive attention.

Salem Witchcraft, A succinct historical account of this remarkable feature of New England colonial history;

theories and explanations of its phenomena, offered by leading writers; treatment of the subject from the standpoint «f a Latter-day Saint, by B. P. CUMMINGS, JR.

ELDER MARVIN E. PACK will prepare a series of illustrated and highly interesting papers on The Sandwich Islands Country and Hission.

These articles will give a brief historical account of this group of islands, review some of the customs of the people, and describe the past labors of our missionaries and the present condition of the latter-day work.

Twelve papers will be furnished by ELDER JAMES PL WALLIS en

The Consistencies of Mormonism.

These will be most ably written, and are designed to furnish argument in favor of the truth for our missionaries and those who are called to dofend our religion.

My School Days at Ann Arbor Will receive treatment by ELDER KICHARD R.

LYMAN who recently graduated as a civil engineer from this noted Michigan school -with high honors.

These articles will be illustrated.

College Department.

The Latter-day Saints'College in Salt Lake City, will be represented by a department which will be Mipplied with essays and other articles from students and teachers.

These productions will represent, as far as possible, the actual work of the College, and will pass through the hands of the

Principal, who will see that everything used is of a high order.

The Musical Department Will be in charge of Professors JOHN J. McCLELLAN and WILLARD DONE.

A graded series of musical compositions, original and selected, will be published, Including solos, duets, quartettes and choruses chosen with special reference to their adaptability to M.I. A. work.

Home composers are earnestly invited to send their productions to the editors of this department.

M.

I. rianual, Part III, By MILTON H. HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL, committee on compilation.

M.

I. Work, SPECIFIC For Scrofula.

"Since childhood, have been afllicted with scrofulous boils and sores, which caused me terrible suffering.

Physicians were unable to help me, and 1 only grew worse under their care.

At length, 1 began to take AYER'S Sarsaparilla, and very soon grew better.

After using half a dozen bottles I was completely cured, so that I have not had a boil or pimple on any part of my body for the last twelve years.

I can cordially recommend Ayer's Sarsaparilla as the very best blood-purifier in existence."—G.

T.« Heinhart, Myersville, Texas.

THE ONLY WORLD'S FAIR Sarsaparilla Ayer's Cherry Pectoral cures Coughs and Colds

A series of articles on practical work In the Associations, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

The Study of Self, A series of articles by GEORGE H. BRIMHALL and MILTON H. HARDY.

Association Intelligence.

In this department will appear all instructive or interesting matter pertaining to M. I. A. work, including answers to questions, reports, suggestions, etc.

We particularly invite all active workers in the Associations to assist by (heir literary contributions in making this department of prime importance.

The Eisteddfod Prize Male Quartette, For which The Contbibutor gave a $25.00 cash prize, will appear in this volume of the Magazine.

John Stevens'Courtship, a Tale of the Buchanan War, is the title of a deeply interesting serial story which will be continued through the whole volume; its author is our versatile and talented friend

SUSA YOUNG GATES (Homespun), whose already published narratives have been -of so much interest.

Ideal Hanhood:

Some Suggestions about it.

This will be the title of some articles containing valuable suggestions to our young men who have an ambition to do or be something in the world.

The author is a long resident of Utah, but desires his identity concealed and will consequently write under the nom de plume of SIMPLEX.

Sermons and Writings from the Prophets, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEO.

H. BRIMHALL.

Volume Seventeen will be beautifully illustrated with

Choice Original Engravings, representing scenes and incidents of great value to the progressive student.

Subscription Price, $2.00 yer Year, Postpaid.

Address THEJ CONTRIBUTOR OO., P. O. Box 520.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

P-S.—Please remit by P.O.Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

Vol.

XVII.

MARCH, 1896.

No.

5.

A Suburban Villa.

THE CUBAN REVOLUTION.

Another struggle for independence; another war is waging to break the ties which bind a province to the parent land.

The eyes of the whole world are turned toward Cuba in her tight for freedom.

Spain has long held sway over this island;

but now the Cubans are in open revolt, throwing off the shackles which have bound them.

On February 24th, 1895, the Cubans declared their independence, and separation from Spanish rule, "not in anger, but in despair,"and a convention was therefore assembled to prepare a constitution for the new government, which was to be republican.

There are twentythree articles in their constitution, providing for a free and independent state.

This, of course, caused Spain to interfere, not willing to renounce her control over so valuable a tributary without a struggle, but she expected to quiet the insurrection without much trouble.

This time, however, the rebels were not to be vanquished, and so the strife has been increasing for more than a year and has proved the determination of the people to be free, bpain declares that she will not give up her claim upon Cuba, that she will take every means in her power of bringing the colony into subjection once again.

She has had more difficulty in this than she anticipated, but still she will not set them free.

Although working at a great disadvantage, without necessary im-

THE CUBAN R INVOLUTION

plements of war or military training, the revolutionists have stood firm, and in many instances have proved themselves superior to the foe.

Their native weapon is a knife, thirty inches long, with which they are gents have to rely upon their own resources and to pillaging for their arms and ammunition;

as foreign powers, although in sympathy with them, dare not interfere in their behalf or offer them any assistance, able to cut a path through dense forests on horseback as fast as a horse can walk.

All Cubans carry this weapon, which is called a machete, and which is of great service to them in warfare, as they are not well supplied with fire-arms.

The insurfearing to gain the ill-will of Spain.

France, not long since, issued an edict, that neither from France nor from French colonies, was aid to be sent to Cuba.

Our own country is perhaps the most sympathetic and willing to offeJ

THE CUBAN REVOLUTION.

Spanish Trooper in Undress Uniform.

reasonable aid;

and the Cubans, recognizing this friendly interest, have been endeavoring for some time, to persuade America to acknowledge them as belligerents. Our government has been very cautious in the matter and has as yet arrived at no final decision; but that it will eventually acknowledge the insurgents is sure.

Certainly, if Spain and England complete the negotiations which have been discussed, of the latter country purchasing the island, the United States will interpose.

Many Cubans and Americans are looking forward to having the island annexed to the United States.

One Cuban, Benjamin Guerra, said at a meeting of the clans at Washington;

"If we could get recognition from the United States government, we could speedily accomplish the rest and secure our freedom Annexation comes later, but I believe the majority of Cubans hope for annexation.

It should come, because we recognize that commercial ties, the ties of youth and kindred interests bring us into close communion with the United States.

The Cubans have carefully avoided meeting the Spanish troops in open battle, and owing to the skill and strategy of their leaders.

Generals Comez and Maceo, they have been able to do so to a great extent, and at the same time to carry war into the enemy's camp.

However, several battles have recently taken place, in which it is reported that the Spanish were victorious, but still the insurgents are undaunted.

They spoil, pillage and burn the property of the Spanish residents.

Thousands of dollars worth of property is destroyed daily.

All the beautiful suburban villas of wealthy Spaniards have been despoiled.

Only a short time ago they burned in one day property belonging to the royalists valued at seventy-five thousand dollars.

They fight in ambush and fall upon the troops in all sorts of unexpected places, and then mysteriously evade the enemy's fire and disappear. The have confined their operations to the country, not venturing too near the cities.

The Spanish general, Senor Campos, who hoped to put down the rebellion with very little trouble, has been entirely outwitted by the strategic Gomez, and was recently requested by the Spaniards to resign his position.

He has gained the illwill of his own people by his many failures, and they welcome his successor, General Neyler.

General Campos endeavored to lead the insurgents out to a pitched battle, but he failed in almost every case.

He was considered to be one of the ablest generals in Spain, but he has.

been unfortunate in this instance.

He very justly attributed his removal to a conspiracy, but the queen

THE CUBAN REVOLUTION.

regent is his staunch friend, and he will resume his office as Senator of Spain.

The Cubans have the advantage over the enemy in some respects.

The Spanish soldiers are not acclimated, and many fell victims to the to the fevers which rage during the the sufferings of their soldiers.

One commander, upon being asked why ambulances were not provided for the sick and wounded replied, "All the men would then become sick and want to ride."From hunger the soldiers are forced to eat native fruits and vegetables of which they summer months. The Cubans hoped for |this and said that July and August were their greatest generals.

The condition of the Spanish troops is often pitiable.

They are ill-fed, ill-clothed and ill-treated.

The officers of the army look to their own comfort first, thinking very little of know nothing, and which often cause serious results.

It is reported that there is a fear of civil troubles if the Cubans are victorious, as the two generals, Maceo and Gomez are not at all friendly with each other, Maceo is an exiled negro, and a very desperate charac-

THE CUBAN REVOLUTION.

ter, and has very bitter feelings against Gomez, who is said to be a native of Santo Domingo, paid by the Cubans to command the revolution.

However this may be, they are certainly able generals and brave men.

Their forces which numbered less than three thousand last April, have increased rapidly, until now they number six or seven times that many.

Many Cubans have joined the Spanish volunteer regiments in the cities, with a view of obtaining an idea of mititary tactics, to be used later ior their defense against Spain. Deserters from the royal ranks are numerous.

Men are waking up to a realization of their condition and are earnestly entering the strife welcoming death rather than a life of servitude.

Reports from the island are unsatisfactory and conflicting.

Later accounts state that General Gomez is suffering from consumption, and that he cannot live longer than two months.

If this be true, the revolutionists will have difficulty in filling his place.

What a sad thing it is that men to obtain freedom—a natural gift from God—are forced to slay their fellow beings.

The war is still in progress, and at present shows no signs of abating;

what the immediate result will be no one can tell.

Cuba is such a beautiful country, so able to take care of herself, and so nearly akin to our own dear America, that we can have no other feeling for her than one of love, and a hope for her success. She has endured taxation and misrule in every form for many years.

She has now struck for freedom.

She may not be successful this time, but the spirit of independence is burned into the people's hearts and will be inherited by their children, and sooner or later, there is no doubt about it, Cuba will be free.

THE CUBAN REVOLUTION.

As a matter of fact, every Cuban is a rebel at heart, and the trouble will never be stamped out until Cuba is free or there are no more Cubans.

With commercial and business interests interwoven with those of the republics of the New World, the remarkable thing is, not that Cuba has rebelled against the rule of Spain, but that the worst laggard of Old World monarchies should so long retain control of the queen of the Antilles.

Spain has declared that not until the last dollar has been expended, and the last man gone, will she part with Cuba.

The pride of the hidalgos is proverbial;

but against it is pitted the patriotic resolve of a people to obtain their freedom or die in the attempt.

Deprived of all rights which men hold dear:

refused home rule even in local affairs;

taxed to the uttermost limit to support Spain's crumbling^monarchy; robbed of what was left by unscrupulous Spanish officials, these people have risen for a last determined effort to throw oft the foreign yoke.

All America awaits the outcome with interest.

"Cuba Libre,"has been the cry for two generations.

The children ot the third generation will take it up it their fathers fail; and in God's own time Cuba will be free.

R. A.

C.

Every temptation that is resisted, every noble aspiration that is encouraged, every sinful thought that is repressed, every bitter word that is withheld, adds its little item to the impetus of that great movement which is bearing humanity onward toward a richer life and higher character.

Never affect or assume a particular character, for it will never fit you, but probably give you ridicule;

but leave it to your conduct, your virtues, your morals, and your manners to give vou one.

®»>W% Fruit and Flower Vender.

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

SOME EXTERNAL PROOFS OF ITS DIVINITY.

Part III.

TRADITIONS OF THE LAMANITES.

By the word Lamanites, as above used, we mean the descendents of those who destroyed the Nephite nation, and who occupied this continent at the time of the first coming ot the Spaniards.

We do not confine it, as is sometimes done, to the wild tribes of the prairies and mountains, but include therein the Mexicans and Peruvians, the Toltecs and Aztecs, indeed all the native races of this vast land.

With regard to these traditions we desire to draw attention to two points;—one, that they were strongest among the cultivated races who recorded their history by hieroglyphics, by paintings, or by some equivalent;

the other, that the further we go back the clearer these traditions become; mixing them with the ideas of the Catholic monks and friars only made them muddy.

Hence the earlier Spanish writers give the better and more surprising account of what the natives believed, both with regard to their faith and their history, and from these earlier writings come the strongest proof that the Book of Mormon is an authentic history of the peoples of ancient America.

As the years wore on, Catholic and Lamanite traditions become so intermixed in the writings of the Spanish historians that it is difficult, if not impossible, to separate the one from the other or to decide what is taken from the sacred books of the origines and what from the Bible of the Europeans.

Beltrami, in his letters, gives a lengthy account from his own experience, of what habituallv took place when an Indian died.

The widow, and afterwards others, addressed the deceased in terms of endearment and sorrow, and from the questions put to him it seems as if they must have had a more -or less clear idea of the pre-existence of spirits.

One said:

''Why is there silence now on those lips, which lately spoke a language so energetic and expressive?

You are gone to the place where you existed before coming to these countries, but your glory will remain with us forever."Another said, "Alas!

alas!

alas!

that form which was viewed with such admiration, is now become as inanimate as it was three hundred winters ago.

But you will not be forever lost to us, we will rejoin yoti in the supreme region of spirit, etc.

Meanwhile, full of respect for your virtues and your valor, we come to offer you a tribute of kindness; your body shall not be exposed in the fields to beasts of prey, but we shall take care that it, like yourself, shall be gathered to your forefathers.

So wonderfully did the traditions of the natives of what took place in the antediluvian world agree with the Bible accounts of these same events that Lord Kingsborough came to the conclusion that they were acquainted with the book of Genesis.

He writes:

"I cannot fail to remark that one of the arguments which persuades me to believe that this nation descends from the Hebrews is to see the knowledge they have of the book of Genesis.

That the ancient Nephites possessed numerous copies of this book and also of all the books ot Moses is stated with great plainness in several passages in the Book of Mormon.

We will now submit the testimony of various authors to show that the Indians were acquainted with the history of the creation of this earth, and with many of the events that took place in the earlier ages of man's * "Discovery of the Source of the Mississippi."f See I Nephi, 5:10-19; Alma 37: 3-12; 63: 1113; Helaman 3:

15, 16.

El IDEWCES OE THE BOOK OB MORMOW existence upon it's face.

It must be remembered that these traditions do not all apply to one tribe or to the people residing in one section of the country, but they are found among widely separated people, some having much clearer recollections of the history of their far distant forefathers than others.

We must warn our readers not to expect that Bible names, or the names by which English speaking people know the ancient Bible worthies are to be found in the traditions of Peru, Mexico, Yucatan or elsewhere.

To expect it would be very absurd.

Occasionally we find a strong resemblance to the original Hebrew name, but generally names have been changed with the various languages, and those given to certain characters in Peru have no resemblance to the names given to the same individuals in Mexico, they resemble each other no more than they resemble the same persons'names in English, French or German.

Yet "South America had five cities with names identical with cities in Asia Minor and North Africa.

This could hardly be accidental."* Regarding the traditions of the Mexicans, Lord Kingsborough writes "It is impossible on reading what Mexican Mythology records of the war in heaven, and the fall of Zontemoque and other rebellious spirits;

of the creation of light by the word of Toncatlecutli, and of the division of the waters; ofthesinof Yzclacolinhqui, and his blindness and his nakedness; and of the temptation of Suchequecal and her disobedience in gathering roses from a tree, and the consequent misery and disgrace of herself and all her posterity, not to recognize scriptural analogies.

But the Mexican tradition of the deluge is that which bears the most unequivocal marks of having been derived from a Hebrew source.

This tradition records, that a few persons escaped inthe Ahuchueti, or ark of fir, when the earth was swallowed up by the deluge, the chief of whom was named Palecath of Cipaquetona:

and he invented the art of making wine;

that Xelua, one of his descendants, or at least one of those who escaped in the ark, was present at the building of a high tower, which the succeeding generation constructed with a view of escaping from the deluge, should it again occur;

the Tonacatecutli, incensed at their presumption, destroyed the tower by lightning, confounded their language and dispersed them; and that Xelua led a colony to the New World."* Brasseur de Bourbourgf gives the following grand and touching Quiche^ tradition of the creation of man.

Strange as are some of its parts it certainly bears a closer resemblance to the truth than do most of the traditions on this subject found among uninspired races.

It relates that the persons of the Godhead having counseled regarding the creation of more perfect man, on the fourth attempt succeeded so that "Verily, at last, did the gods look upon beings who could see with their eyes and handle with their hands and understand with their hearts; grand of countenance and broad of limb, the four lives of our race stood up under the morning star—sole light as yet of the primeval world—stood up and looked.

Their great clear eyes swept rapidly over all; they saw the woods and the rocks, the lakes and the sea.

the mountains and the valleys, and the heavens that were above all; and * "Bricks from Babel."by Julia McNair Wright.

* "Mexican Antiquties,"Vol. VI,

Page 401.

t Brasseur de Bourbourg, Charles Etienne, born in Bourbourg. France, 1814, died 1874.

A French clergyman, ethnologist and author who spent many years in Canada, the United States,

Mexico and Central America studying

Indian antiquities and ancient manuscripts.

In 1864, he was appointed archaeologist to the French scientific expedition in Mexico.

X The dominant Indian race of Peru at the time of the Spanish conquest.

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

they comprehended all and admired exceedingly.

Then they returned thanks to those who had made the world, and all that therein was: We offer up our thanks twice—yea, verily, thrice; we have received life, we speak, we walk, we taste, we taste and understand, we know both that which is near, and that which is far off, we see all things, great and small, in all the heaven and earth.

Thanks, then, Maker and Former, Father and Mother of our life, we have been created, we are."Boturini says:

"There is no Gentile nation that refers to primitive events with such certainty as the Indians do.

They give us an account of the creation of the world, of the deluge, of the confusion of languages at the Tower of Babel, and of all other periods and ages of the world, and of the long peregrinations which their people had in Asia, representing the specific years by their characters; and in the Seven Conejos (rabbits) they tell us of the great eclipse that occurred at the death of Christ our Lord."Regarding the Aztec Eve, Father Sahagun says:

"This woman was the first who existed in the world, and the mother of the whole human race; who was tempted by the serpent who appeared to her in the terrestrial paradise, and discoursed with her, to persuade her to transgress the command of God, and that is likewise true, that after having committed sin, etc., she bore a son and a daughter at the same birth, and that the son was named Cain and the daughter Calmana;

and that afterwards she brought forth at a second birth, Abel, and his sister Delborah, so that she bore them by twin births.

One painting* appears to allude to the passage (Genesis.

ch.

iii.) "I will put enmity between thee and the woman,"etc., "as, in fact, the seed of the woman appears to be there in the act of bruising the head of the serpent with a staff, whilst the latter has bitten, and is holding in his jaws the foot of his adversary."One commentator remarking on this,

MS, writes, that ''i t contains some ancient traditions evidently derived from the Old Testament, and tending to prove the Indians were at least acquainted with that portion of it designated the Pentateuch."''The fact of the Mexicans recording both in their painting and songs, the Deluge, the building of the tower of Babel, the confusion of tongues and the dispersion, etc., being generally admitted by Spanish writers on America, it is almost unnecessary to the authority of any particular author, to prove what no one will deny;

since Gomara in his 'History ofthe Indians, 'describing the conference of Nicaragua with Gil

Goncales and the Calezcasters.

introduces this chief as putting a variety of questions to the Spaniards."Gomora's* words are:

"Nicaragua, who was so acute and skilled in the knowledge of the rites and antiquities of his own countrymen, had a long conference with Gil Goncales, and the ecclesiastic.

He inquired if the Christians were acquainted with the great Deluge, which had swallowed up the earth, men and animals, etc.;

and whether the earth was to be revolutionized, or the firmament to remove?

When and how the sun, moon and stars would be deprived of their light?

What was the honor and reverence due to the triune God, etc.

; where souls go after death, and what would be their occupation, etc.

Regarding the antediluvian world and the Deluge, Prof. Short, in his "North Americans of Antiquity,"page 238, quotes from the native writer, Ixtellxochitl, as follows: "It is found in the histories of the Toltecs, that this age and first world, as they call it lasted seventeen hundred and sixteen years;

then men were destroyed by tremendous rains and *Lesser Vatican MS, page 48.

* 'History of the Indians.

EVIDENCES OE THE BOOK OE MORMON.

lightnings from the sky, and even all the land, without exception of anything, and the highest mountains were covered up and submerged in water 'caxolmoletlti'or fifteen cubits, and here they add other fables of how men came to multiply from the few who escaped from this destruction in a toptlipetlacali, this word signifies a close chest. *

Torquemeda writes that the Indians of Cuba assert, when first their countrymen settled in that island, an old man knowing that the deluge was about to happen, built a large ship, in which he embarked with his household and many animals, and that he despatched from thence a crow, which did not return, but stayed to prey upon the dead carcasses, and that he afterwards sent a dove, which came back cooing, and bringing a leafy branch which resembled a hop, but was not one, on which he quitted the ship and made wine of mountain grapes, and became drunk, and having two sons, one of them laughed and said to the other, 'Turn him into jest'but the other reproved him and covered his father, who, having slept off the effects of the wine, and knowing the impudence oi his. son, cursed him, and pronounced a blessing on the other, and from the formerf the Indians of these countries were descended.

Las Casas affirms that the Guatemalians had a knowledge of the flood and a prophecy of the end of the world.

The first they called a flood of many waters, the other * There is a remarkable agreement between this writer's statements and the book of Genesis.

The height to which the waters of the Deluge are said to have risen is exactly the same.

The time from the fall to the flood only differs sixty years, possibly ov\y five, if the statement in the Book of Doc. and Cov. regarding Enoch (Sec.

107; 48, 49), lengthens the chronology.

f'This appears to be an error,since the Indians boasted of having belonged to the same race as

Quetzalcoatl, that is, derived from the Patriarch

Shem."was to be one of fire.

They held that certain persons who escaped from the deluge, populated their land;

these were called the Great Father and Great Mother.

Proceeding to times nearer their own, Lord Kingsborough states that "A very remarkable representation of the ten plagues which God sent on Egypt, occurs in the eleventh and twelfth pages of the Borgian MS.

Moses is there painted, holding up in his left hand his rod, which became a serpent;

and, with a furious gesture, calling down the plagues upon the Egyptians.

These plagues were frogs, locusts, lice, flies, etc., all of which are represented in the pages referred to;

but the last and most dreadful were the thick darkness which overspread Egypt for three days, and the death of the first-born of the Egyptians.

"The curious symbol of one serpent swallowing up others, likewise occurs in the nineteenth page of the same MS.

It is not extraordinary that the Mexicans, who were acquainted with one portion of the exodus that relating to the children of Israel journeying from Egypt—should also not have been ignorant of another.

The natives also had an account ot a divinely led journey of their ancestors, during which they were fed with bread from heaven, and with water drawn from a rock.

Some writers suppose that this painting refers to the exodus from Egypt under

Moses, others to some later migration, when the people passed over to

America; but we incline to the former idea, as no such manifestations of divine care are recorded by writers in the Book of Mormon in the history of the journey of either the Jaredites or Nephites.

At any rate they were acquainted with some of the incidents of the Mosaic exodus.

Lord Kingsborough draws attention, that "A curious feature ot identity in the Hebrew and Aztec migration, is with reference to

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMOb.

Miriam who, under the name of Chimalman, was shut out several days from the Aztlan camp, in consequence of her quarrel with her brothers, the leaders of the Aztecs or Mexicans."Numb, xii;

15.

Thus we have remarkable testimonies, in many instances from unwilling witnesses, that the ancient inhabitants of this land had distinct, and in some cases very correct traditions of "the war in heaven, the fall of Lucifer, the creation of the world, the transgression of Eve, the Noachian Deluge, the ark and its contents, the incident of the dove, Noah's lapse from sobriety, the sin of Ham, the building of Babel, the confusion of tongues, the ten plagues of Egypt, the exodus of the

Israelites, the rebellion of Miriam, the gift of manna from heaven, the water that gushed from the rock when struck by Moses.

We have already seen that the natives believed that America was peopled by a colony led by God from the Tower of Babel.

Clavigero gives another tradition on this point.

He says the Chiapanese Indians had a manuscript in which it was written, "that a person named Votan was present at the building in order to mount to heaven, and that then every people received the various languages."This Votan became the leader of the people who came to America; in some traditions he is represented as being the grandson of

Noah.

How remarkably this tallies with the Book of Mormon account of the coming of the Jaredites, those acquainted with this sacred record can best judge.

Some have objected to both the tradition and the statements in the Book of Ether regarding the migration of the Jaredites, on the ground that there were no ships in those days to make such voyages.

That America must then have been colonized, is argued by Dr.

Lowry in this wise: "Moses tells us that about that period the Lord scattered the people abroad upon the face of the zvhole earth.

(Gen.

xi;

8, 9.) America, then, according to this portion of sacred history, was at that time re-occupied by man;

for the writer could not have meant by all the earth, only one half of it."And Josephus, in his Antiquities,* makes the direct statement:

"There were some also who passed over the the sea in ships, and inhabited the islands."So the tradition and the record are sustained by both the Bible and by Josephus.

We also find a correct tradition ot the coming of the Nephites.

Fernando Montesinos, probably the profoundest student of the ancient history of Peru, says that "that nation was originated by a people led by four brothers, the youngest of these brothers assumed supreme authority, and became the first of a long line of sovereigns.^ This is exactly the statement of the Book of

Mormon, but given from the Lamanite standpoint.

We now come to the earthly life of the Redeemer, and find in the various traditions of the natives relating thereto some very pleasing surprises.

Under one name or another, we are told that he was born of a virgin who, before his birth, was visited by an angel; we learn ot his passion and death, of the great darkness and convulsions of nature that took place at His crucifixion, ot His descent into the world of spirits, of the resurrection of many at the time of His arising, of His visit to their fathers, His ministry in their midst, and the miracles and great work He then performed.

Some ot these, as given by the Spanish historians, we will now present.

The knowledge of the visit of the angel Gabriel to the Virgin Mary is plainly shown in the writings of Torquemeda, who endeavors to attribute it to a visitation devised by the *Book 1, chap. v.

I Jacob i: 9-12.

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

devil.

Such was his usual argument, when he could get round a matter in no other way.

He writes:

"When it appeared good to him, despatched the heavenly embassador to announce to the virgin that she should be the mother of the eternal word;"and again* "the father of lies, who falsified and counterfeited in their false God Citematonatli and his embassador to that virgin."* What can be more remarkable than the following statement, touching the knowledge of the races of Yucatan, regarding the passion and death of the Savior, and the subsequent descent of the Holy Ghost.

"Las Casas, bishop of Chiapa, relates in his apology, which is in MS.

in the convent of St. Dominic, that when he passed through the kingdom of Yutican, he found there a respectable ecclesiastic, of mature age; he charged him to proceed into the interior of their country, giving him a certain plan of instruction, in order to preach to them:

at the end of a year, thus he wrote to the bishop—he had met with a principal lord, who informed him that they believed in God, who resided in heaven, even the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.

The Father was named Yeona.f the Son Bahab, f who was born of a virgin, named Chibirias, and that of the *The Mexican Deity, was, to their belief, born of a virgin, a native of the city of Tulan, who, being a devout person, and engaged in sweeping the altar in the Temple, perceived a ball of feathers falling through the air, which, having taken up and placed in her girdle, she became pregnant."Mexican Antiquities.

tYeona, apparently originally Yehovah. This change corroborates the Book of Mormon; for, when Lamanite names are given therein, the predominance of the letter n is quite marked.

For instance, rabbanah, (from abba, father), powerful or great king, and the names of La-* moni, Lehonti, Ani-Anti, Antiomno, Middoni, etc.

\ Bah-ab (abba), this is almost pure Hebrew, son—father; son of the father.

Holy Spirit was called Fuach.* Bahab, the Son, they said, was put to death by Eupuco, who scourged Him, and put on His head a crown of thorns, and placed Him with His arms stretched upon a beam of wood, and that on the third day He came to life, and ascended into heaven, where He is with the Father; that immediately after the Euach came in His place as a merchant, bringing precious merchandise, filling those who would with gifts and graces, abundant and divine, "f Other statements are equally interesting.

One historian writes!

''The virgin is represented by the Indian paintings, of whom the great Prophet should be born, and that His own people would reject and meditate evil against him, and would put him to death; accordingly he is represented in the paintings with his hands and feet tied to the tree.

'§ The manner in which he returned to life again, and ascended to heaven was likewise painted.

The Dominican fathers said they had found these things among some Indians, who inhabited the coasts of the South Seas, who stated they had received the traditions from their ancestors.""It is singular that the Mexicans should have viewed Ouetzalcoatl in the light of "God and man,"—of a Father and a Son—of the Creator of the world, and of him by whom the world was finally doomed to be destroyed, since it is hard to reconcile such conflicting notions with each other.

That they did so will appear from passages extracted from the sixth book ofSahagun's history of New Spain."*Euach; this people had no letter r in their language, or the word would be identical with the Hebrew (ruach), spirit.

t"Antiquities of Mexico"J "Monarquia Indiana."I In the Borgian MS, (plate 72) Quetzalcoatl is painted in the attitude of a person crucified, with the impression of nails in his hands and feet, but not actually upon a cross.

II "The Ten Tribes,"Simon.

EVIDENCES OF THE BOOK OF MORMON.

We may now turn to the traditions of Christ's visit to the Nephites:

Rosales declares* "that the inhabitants of this extreme southern portion ot America, situated at the distance of so many thousand miles from New Spain, and who did not employ paintings to record events, accounted for their knowledge of some doctrines of Christianity by saying, that in former times they had heard their fathers say, a wonderful man had come to that country, wearing a long beard, with shoes and a mantle such as the Mexicans carry on their shoulders, who performed many miracles, cured the sick with water, caused it to rain that their crops of grain might grow, kindled fire at a breath, healing the sick, and giving sight to the blind:f and that he spoke with as much propriety and elegance in the language of their country, as if he had always resided in it, addressing them in words very sweet and new to them, telling them that the Creator of the universe resided in the highest place of heaven, and that many men and women resplendent as the sun dwelt with Him."

Don Alonza Ercilla^ says, in his "History ol Chili,""The religious belief of the Araucanians§ is sublime, They acknowledge a Supreme Being, whom they denominate by a word expressive of Supreme Essence.

They also call Him the Spirit of Heaven the Great Life—the Thunderer the Omnipotent—the Eternal—the Infinite.

The government of this glorious Creator is the prototype of their polity.

They are all agreed in the immortality of the soul, this animating and consolatory truth is deeply roored and innate with them.

They hold that man is formed of two * "The history of Chili."f III Nephi xvii; 6-10.

X Ercilla, Alonzo de, born in Madrid, 1533;

died 1594.

A Spanish soldier and poet.

He spent from 1554 to 1562 in Chili.

# An exceedingly warlike tribe of Southern Chili.

substances essentially different—the corruptible body and the incorruptible and eternal spirit.

They have a tradition that the earth was covered with water, yet not destroyed, and that the same earth shall be covered with fire but not destroyed.

There shall be great signs before the end, etc.

We have in these traditions multiplied testimonies that the Indians were acquainted with the facts related in the Book ot Mormon.

That book, in the record of the prophecies of the ancient Nephite servants of God, gives many details of the earthly life of our Lord in Palestine.

Undoubtedly, when He visited this people He recounted to them as fulfilled, the incidents in His life which these prophets had foretold. So we find that the Lamanites of the 15th century still had a recollection that the Savior was born of a virgin;

that before His birth an angel visited her;

that He was ill-treated in the house of His friends; that He was scourged and crowned with thorns;

that He was put to death by crucifixion; that most fearful convulsions of nature occurred on this continent at the time of His death;

that He arose again from the dead;

that at His resurrection many others of the dead also arose; that after His death the Holy Ghost descended on the disciples;

that He visited the Nephites;

that when with them He healed their sick and did many wonderful works;

that His ministry here was full of love and kindness; that He promised that He would again return in a later age.

That the natives were not only acquainted with the contents of the Book of Mormon, but that the Mexicans had translated it, or, at least, parts of it into their picture writings is shown by the accompanying cut, which is a reproduction of a portion ofone of the old Aztec charts.

Here, the dream of Lehi (I Nephi ch.

viii) is clearly shown.

We have the tree of life with its twelve branches and the rod of iron leading

A DOLLAR

thereto.

Under the tree Lehi is (Laman and Lemuel) do not.

seated inviting his family to parCould any testimony be stronger take of the fruit.

Three (Nephi, than this?

Sam and Sariah) do so, while two George Reynolds.

A DOLLAR.

OR, THE REWARD OF CHARITY CHAPTER III.

In a little dingy room on a dirty, dark alley, lived, or merely existed, a poor widowed lady of thirty years.

She had been of the lovely blond type in better days, with soft, brown eyes and long dar* hair which hung in ringlets like silken threads, to her waist when not rolled up on her well-shaped head.

But now the once plump form had wasted away to a mere skeleton, by toil and anxiety, and a burning fever that had been running for more than a week.

The face was pale and shrunken; the eyes once bright and lovely, were now dull and sad.

She had two bright children, the oldest a boy of ten summers, the other a girl of nearly six.

Both these children were thin, and their eyes, which were of their mother's type, were swollen from weeping, caused by hunger, cold, and constant watching and anxiety for their only friend, their mother.

She had managed for a long time to keep the "wolf from the door''by constant labor, until worn out with toil of body and mind, she could stand no more.

The now weakened form succumbed to disease, which made her helpless with none to nurse and care for her but her two small children.

She had laid by a little food and coal, which lasted but a few days.

Poor as was the food (a little coarse flour and a bone and a little cabbage to season the soup) it kept them from starving. But the poor, sick woman could eat very little, only a morsel of bread crumbed in a little of the soup, which was a a poor diet for a sick woman with no appetite.

Their scanty supply was used for a light supper, the night before our

A DOLLAR.

story begins, save a little soup the children had kept with which to wet the fevered lips of their now very ill mother.

During all the following day the poor, thinly-clad and hungry children remained in bed, with breaking hearts for their fast sinking protector, to keep from treezing, except as the faithful Tommy would crawl out of bed to wet the parched lips and apply a cold, damp cloth to the burning brow of his mother, and then quickly climb in bed again, for they had no fire.

Thus the day wore on with the woman's aching head, the children sobbing with hunger and grief at the thought of losing their only friend on earth.

The thought of her children alone in the world, harrowed up the mother's mind until the grief-stricken and fever-burned brain of the sick woman could bear up no longer under its weight.

She wrung her hands and cried most piteously to God to send food to her starving children.

Her baby was crying and begging mournfully for bread.

The good woman had always prayed herself and taught her children to pray.

The faithful Tommy drew little Dora to him, and said, "Brother will get you and mamma some bread,"and before they realized what he was doing he was out of bed and out of the room.

It was then he met our Elder with the results already narrated.

Tommy burst into the room holding up the silver dollar.

"Oh, see, mamma, what a good man gave me.

and he said 'God bless you all.'""Oh, my child,"said the weak voice, "the Lord has heard our prayers, and the good man's blessing will come to us."The boy put on his mother's old shoes and went out, soon returning with bread and cheese.

He also got coal and a little tea which he fixed for the sick woman, but she could eat and drink but little;

still, the happy smiles of her children as they sat by the warm fire, eating their meal, gave her new hope.

The household at the Gray residence was astir early, notwithstanding the late hour our friends were up the night before.

The Doctor and Mrs.

Gray met the Elder with smiles, and words of welcome that made him feel at home.

"Elder P., how would it do it we see about that court house, while waiting for breakfast, as I must see my patients directly after, said Dr.

Gray, in a pleasant voice.

"Agreed,"answered Brother P.

So away they went, and a short walk brought them to Sheriff Bain's home.

That gentleman readily consented to the Doctor's request, and said he would surely attend the meetings himself, as he was desrious to hear our doctrines.

After breakfast, the Doctor said he would advertise the meeting in the two daily papers, and would meet the Elder at dinner.

Elder P. started out for a walk and was soon at the home of Widow Rose.

A nice little girl, though poorly clad, answered Elder P's.

rap, and he entered a small room, perhaps twelve by fourteen feet. The furniture consisted of an old stove, three or four broken chairs, an old table, a few dishes on a board in one corner of the room, while in another corner of the room stood a poor excuse of a bedstead, on which lay the wasted form of a pale woman.

Her features showed that once they were lovely.

As soon as our Elder entered Tommy exclaimed, "Oh, Mister!"and ran and took him by the hand, saying, "Mamma, this is the gentleman who gave me the dollar."Little Dora ran to her mother's bed as if for protection, while the poor woman wept and thanked the man in a whisper.

"Do not thank me,"said he, ''but our Father in heaven who put it into my heart to do it.

I am a

28o A DOLLAR servant of the Lord and have the fullness of the Gospel as preached by the apostles of old, to deliver to the children of men,"and thus saying, he drew a chair up to the bedside.

He continued. "We believe in apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors and teachers, with all the gifts and blessings that followed the believers in ancient days.

In short we believe in the casting out of devils, healing the sick, making the lame walk and the blind see, etc.

We believe in faith in the Lord Jesus Christ;

repentance and the forsaking of sins;

baptism by immersion for the remission of sins; and the laying on of hands for the reception of the Holy Ghost."The Elder expounded the scriptures to her proving these things from the Bible.

Mrs. Rose listened attentively, then said, "I have been a great reader of the Bible and for years I have waited to find a church that taught these doctrines.

If you have them, I am with you, that is if I ever recover, and if a poor, weak mortal like I am is worthy.

I believe you are a true servant of God, and that the Lord sent you to us.""Have you any food left?"asked the Elder of Tommy.

"No, sir,"was the reply, "we ate the last this morning.""Poor children,"said the Elder.

"I wish I had something to give you but I have not a cent;

I gave you all I had last night.

"Are you poor, too?"asked Tommy.

"Yes, my boy.

I travel and preach the Gospel without money.

I tell the people what the Lord wants them to do, then He will save them in His kingdom, and take them to his home when they die, to live with Him if they do as He tells them.""Will he give us lots to eat?"asked Dora, innocently.

"Yes, my dear,"answered the Elder.

"Are you a stranger in the city?"inquired he lady, feebly.

"Yes, sister, I knew not a person yesterday,"answered P; "my home is a long way from here.""Oh, and you gave all your money to us?

Where did you stay without money?"asked Mrs. Rose.

"Oh, the Lord led me, miraculously, to the home of good, honest people, whom I never saw before, and they provided for my wants.

And now may I pray for you and your children?"asked the Elder.

"I wish you would,"she answered.

The children bowed by the mattress bed, and our Elder poured out a most fervent prayer to our Father for the afflicted ones.

When they arose all were weeping.

"I must go now but will soon return,"said the Elder.

CHAPTER IV.

Mrs. Gray met Elder P.

at the door and ushered him into the parlor.

Tears of joy were falling from her eyes as she said, "Oh, the joy that you brought to my heart last night by your inspired words I know they are true.

I have long been desiring to meet some servant of God, who would teach the Gospel as the apostles of old did, and now I have found him.

How oft I have read the words of Paul:

'But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you, let him be accursed.'I know the words of the Lord to Mr. Smith are true;

that the professed Christian churches have 'Transgressed the laws, changed the ordinances and broken the everlasting covenant.'"How I do wish the doctor could see as I do, but he is so wrapped up in Spiritualism, and thinks you are a

Spiritualist, too, and don't know it, but thinks you will be convinced this evening.

I am ready to be baptized any time.""You had better wait awhile for your husband, however, before taking that step,"said the Elder.

"It makes my heart rejoice to see souls

A DOLLAR.

coming to Christ, but wisdom must be used the Gospel is a great plan of charity and love for others.

Christ so loved the world that He laid down His life for us.

Paul says:

'Though I speak with the tongue of men and angels, and have not charity, I am nothing.'Yes, my dear sister, we must try to bring salvation to your husband, and all of our Father's children who will receive il rich or poor, bond or free.

Now, this brings us to a matter of great importance.

The apostle says, pure and undefiled religion, is to comfort the sick, clothe the naked, and feed the hungry.

There is a poor widow with two little children, not far from here.

The woman is very sick, the children almost naked, and have not a morsel of food in the house, or coal to make a fire."

Elder P. then related the story of the "dollar.""O, noble love of God! He put it in your heart to do it, so you would come to us, that we might live,"said the lady;

"and now I will go and send them relief."The Elder gave her the address, and in a few minutes servants were on their way with food, coal, lamp to light the dark room at night, and delicacies of fruits and chicken broth for the sick woman.

"The doctor called,"said Mrs.

Gray, coming into the parlor, "a little before you came back, and left word that he was unexpectedly called away to Detroit, but would be home in time to go to the meeting.

I forgot to tell you, I was so interested with your talk."After dinner P.

called at the widow's home.

He found the room warm, and the smell of delicious food in the place.

A smile crossed the thin face of the. invalid, as the Elder came forward.

"Have you eaten anything, Mrs.

Rose?"said P.

"O yes, so much, and I have felt so much better ever since you prayed or me,"answered the woman.

b "Do you believe if I anoint your head with oil, lay my hands on the crown of your head and command the disease to depart, that you will get well?

James says:

'Is there any sick among you, let them call for the elders of the church;

they shall anoint them with oil, and pray over them, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord will raise them up.'This was to the members of the Church;

but if you believe, and will obey the Gospel when you are well, you shall be healed.""I believe with all my heart, and will obey it, with the help of the Lord,"she answered.

At this juncture, the door opened, and Mrs. Gray entered, followed by two servants with food and clothing for the destitute ones.

"Ah, you are here, too, Elder P.,"exclaimed Mrs. Gray.

The servants retired.

A knock sounded at the door.

''Where shall I unload this coal?''asked a man outside.

The sick woman was so overcome with surprise and joy, that she could not answer, but Tommy went out with the man.

Restoratives were applied to the woman and she revived again.

Explanations followed, and then the Elder told Mrs. Rose who he was; where he was from, and the history of the Church, which Mrs. Rose received with joy.

The Elder anointed her with oil, laid his hands on her rebuked the disease by the authority of the Holy Priesthood, and in the name of Jesus.

She was instantly healed, but was so weak she could not raise her head from the pillow.

She then told them the history of her life as follows:

CHAPTER V.

MRS.

ROSE'S STORY.

Sorrow, heart-breakings, death and poverty brought upon a happy family by intemperance.

I was brought up in the little village of K—

, but a few miles from Augusta, Maine.

My father was a prosperous farmer, for that region of country.

I was his only child.

A DOLLAR.

My mother being a weakly woman, died when I was fourteen years of age.

I knew not what sorrow was until then, as my every wish was granted.

Had I known more of privations and the ways of the world,

I would no doubt not have been in the straightened circumstances with my dear children that I am now.

But I was raised in innocence, having confidence in everybody.

My father did not marry again, but kept a housekeeper.

He was not rich, but comfortable.

I received a fair education in our country school, and at the age of seventeen I was sent to the city to attend a higher school.

"Father placed me with Mr. and Mrs. Rose,old-time friends.

They had but ens child, a son, six years my senior.

I had known John (for that was the son's name), all my life, and liked him as children do their friends.

He was always so kind, and had a smile for every one, and especially for me.

John was also handsome; had an honest heart and was very intelligent, he having had a thorough college education.

He had already begun to practice law, and was rising very rapidly in the world.

I would often hear people say:

'John Rose will make a mark in the world that few men have ever gained.'All this made me proud of his undivided attentions for me.

"I soon found my admiration, or childish likes, taking a more serious form.

There was, however, an inward feeling of fear or foreboding, whenever I thought of John as my future husband.

There were some things in his character I did not like.

First of all, he had no religion, and only cared for pleasure and worldly fame; while I was deeply impressed with faith in God and the Bible.

He was also giving way to drink a little, and going to the club rooms.

He never attended church, or read religious works.

"One evening, as we took a walk, he told me of his love, and asked me to be his wife.

I honestly told him of my fears; he laughed at me and said, 'Do you think I will become a drunkard?

I drink a little to be sociable with my fellows, but it will never get the upper hand of me.

And as far as religion goes, I believe all we will get is what we enjoy in life.

When we die that is the end oi us;

and I intend to enjoy life.

But I promise you, when we are married I will spend my evenings at home with you, and not go to the club rooms.

Then I will drink no more, and I never will interfere with your religion.'"I asked for time to think.

My father advised me not to marry him on account of his drinking, saying, 'He is not apt to quit it, as he has no faith in God.'Soon after this, my father was killed in a railroad accident, and I was left alone.

I rented my farm and went to live with the Rose's.

John was elected prosecuting attorney for that county.

I could no longer withstand his pleadings; and believing he would quit drinking for my sake, I yielded.

He stopped drinking for a short time.

"About six months after our marriage,

John's father died of fever, and John took to drinking again.

I talked to him, pled with him, and he would say, 'As soon as I get over father's death a little, I will quit again.'He persuaded me to sell my farm and put more improvements on two farms he owned near the city, which would bring in more money than the three; which would have been the case, had it not been for the accursed alcohol.

"John would stay till very late at his club rooms, and when he came home the smell of whisky was on his breath.

I cried and pled with him, and he would say, 'I am a candidate for the legislature.

When I am elected I will quit;

but I must treat my friends, and of course must drink a little with them.'"We had a lovely home and plenty, but this did not bring me happi-

MAN WAS MADE TO MOURN.

ness.

I wept and prayed, and being alone so much of the time, I read the Bible, especially the New Testament, over and over again; for John did not quit drinking.

His party lost and he was defeated.

Drink drowned his disappointment.

I soon learned that both farms were mortgaged for liquor and to carry the election.

John kept on drinking because of his disappointment and loss.

He now would come home from two to four o'clock in the morning, beastly drunk.

His mother could bear no more, and was prostrated;

this ended in a fever, which carried her to the silent tomb.

It seemed as though John would go mad, for he felt he was her murderer.

Only our child Tommy kept me from giving up.

"John quit drink for a while, but he was very much in debt.

His reputation was gone and he could get no work in his profession.

Both farms were eventually sold for the mortgages, which disheartened John, and having no God to seek in his trouble, he took again to drinking worse than ever.

"My little Dora was born about this time, and I made up my mind I (To be must live for my children and teach them to love the Lord and His word.

So time rolled on.

John got lower and lower.

He was now in the society of low men and women.

Our home was sold for debts, and we came west and settled here.

John spent in drink and with bad women all he made, and I ceased to live with him as a wife, but did his work and lived for my children.

John was at Detroit on a spree, and got killed by the cars as he lay drunk upon the track, I worked to support my children, but could barely exist.

I read the Bible to the children and taught them to pray.

I concluded that no church was right, for they had no apostles or prophets, neither taught they the doctrines that Christ taught.

The Apostle John says, "Whosoever transgresseth and abideth not in the doctrines of Christ, hath not God, but whosoever abideth in the doctrines of Christ, hath both the Father and the Son.'"Elder P.

I am ready to be baptized whenever you think it wisdom.

I have more joy in my heart than I have known for many years.

Ken.

continued.) MAN WAS MADE TO MOURN?

"Man was made to mourn!

What a gloomy thought Hearts with anguish torn, Joy no longer sought Cling to this old saying, Doubting e'en while prayins Heaven's hand be staying Tempests of the hour.

Man was made to learn;

This is heaven's truth.

Though he oft may yearn For the joys ofyouth;

What is gained by crying?

For past shadows sighing?

Work, while still relying On the good to come!

Man was made to toil;

Not to mourn and sigh.

Bread win from the soil.

What though all must die!

Now is time for living, Blessing and forgiving, Ills and wrongs outliving.

Spirits never die.

Man was made to love;

Joy in union find.

Sealed in heaven above Are earth's vows that bind.

Covenants kept and sealing Still life's bliss revealing, Till no more concealing, The veil will be withdrawn.

Man was made to rise O'er the ills of life.

In the effort lies Strength to win the strife.

Ti> perfection rising;

He'll be realizing All his hopes, while prizing Celestial glory there.

Lewis Stewart.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS FROM THE PROPHETS

SPIRITUAL GIFTS.—II.

Among the choice blessings of the

Kingdom oi God, may be menioned, the seer's gift, or the GIFT OF SEEING WITH THE llRIM AND THUMMIM.

This gift is a peculiar manifestation of the Spirit to the natural eyes, as well as to the mind.

The Urim and Thummim is a stone or other substance, sanctified and illuminated by the Spirit of the living God, and presented to those who are blessed with the gift of seeing.

All Saints cannot see by the illuminations of the Urim and Thummim;

but.

as we have already said, "to some is given one gift, and some another.

Aaron, and the firstborn of his sons, who were High Priests after the

Levitical order, were blessed with this choice gift.

And the Lord commanded that the Urim and Thummim should be inserted in the breastplate, worn by the high priest.

Four rows of precious stones, upon which the names of the twelve tribes of Israel were engraved, adorned the breastplate; these stones were set in gold; and the breastplate was attached by gold rings to a richly wrought ornament called an ephod.

The Urim and Thummim was the most important part of the breastplate; the other portions, it is true, were not only ornamental, but highly significant of the important office of the high priest as judge in

Israel.

But it was the Urim and Thummim which emphatically constituted the breastplate, a "'breastplate of judgment.'''Hence, the Lord, after having described the pattern of the ephod and breastplate, said to Moses:

"And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment, the Urim and Thummim and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the Lord: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of

Israel upon his heart before the Lord continually.

(Exodus, xxviii;

30.) How Moses first obtained this Urim and Thummim is not revealed:

but it is mentioned in this passage, as an instrument already in his possession.

It may have been given to him by the Lord upon Mount Sinai, or it may have descended to him from his ancestors.

It was through the Urim and Thummim that Aaron was prepared to judge the twelve tribes.

In all difficult cases, arising between man and man, Aaron asked counsel of the

Lord by looking in this sacred instrument.

Thus he bore "the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the Lord continually."The revelations by the Urim were indispensably necessary in the office of a judge over Israel.

After the death of Aaron the ephod and breastplate, containing the Urim and Thummim descended by birthright to his son, Eleazar, and he became a judge over Israel.

Even Joshua, who succeeded Moses, as a great commander and leader of Israel, was commanded to inquire of the Lord through Eleazar the priest, who was to get revelations for him by the Urim.

This is plainly taught in the following passages:—"And the

Lord said unto Moses, take Joshua, the son of Nun, a man in whom is the Spirit, and lay thine hand upon him; and set him before Eleazar the priest, and before all the congregation; and give him a charge in their sight.

And thou shalt put some of thine honor upon him, that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient.

And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the Lord;

at his word they shall go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and the children of Israel with him.- even all the congregation."(Numbers xxvii, 18-21.) Thus, it will be seen, that all Israel went out and came in, and were governed by the revelations of the Urim.

SERMONS AND WRITINGS FROM THE PROPHETS.

Just previous to Moses'death, he blessed all the tribes of Israel, naming the most important blessings which should characterize each "And of Levi, he said, Let thy Thiimmim and thy Urim be with thy Holy One.'"(Deuteronomy xxxiii, 8.) It is evident that Moses considered this sacred instrument to be one of the most important blessings given to the tribe of Levi;

and for this reason, it was placed first on the list of blessings enumerated for that tribe.

All the rest of the tribes were to receive revelations by the Urim and Thummim through the priesthood of Levi.

But there was evidently danger, lest the Levites should prostitute the use of this holy instrument to trivial and unholy purposes; and by so doing, the gift which was intended as a great blessing, would become a great curse; to prevent this, Moses uttered the command

I have just quoted, namely:

"Let thy Thummim and thy Urim be with thy Holy One."They were to appeal to the Holy One, when, and for what purposes to use this divine instrument; they were not to desecrate its use contrary to the will of fhe Holy One, by inquiring for things which would be improper or forbidden.

Because of wickedness, it was often the case that the Lord would not answer the inquiries made of Him.

We have an instance of this in the case of Saul, the king of Israel, after his apostasy.

"When Saul inquired of the Lord, the Lord answered him not, neither by dreams nor by Urim, nor by prophets."(I Samuel, xxviii;

6.) And even before Saul's apostasy, when Jonathan, his son, ignorantly transgressed the oath of his father, the latter could not receive any answer from God, until he called his son to an account.

On this occasion the priest said to Saul, "Let us draw near hither unto God.

And Saul asked counsel of God, Shall I go down after the Philistines?

Wilt thou deliver them into the hand of Israel?

But He answered him not that day."(I Samuel, xiv;

36, 37.) Because the Lord did not answer, Saul knew that there must be some one who had sinned; when the people were righteous, and they inquired of God about anything which was proper, they expected to receive an answer.

It has, by some, been supposed that the Urim and Thummim was only to be used in the temple.

But we find Abiathar, the priest, fleeing from the city of Nob, and carrying an ephod in his hand; and he came to the city of Keilah, where David was sojourning.

And David said to Abiathar, the priest, "Bring hither the ephod.

Then said David, O, Lord God of Israel, Thy servant hath certainly heard that Saul seeketh to come to Keilah to destroy the city for my sake.

Will the men of Keilah deliver me up into his hand?

Will Saul come down as thy servant hath heard?

O, Lord God of Israel, I beseech thee, tell thy servant.

And the Lord said.

He will come down.

Then said David, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and my men into the hand of Saul?

And the Lord said, They will deliver thee up."(I Samuel, xxiii;

9-12.) Now, the ephod was always worn in connection with the breastplate; there is, therefore, every reason to believe that the Urim was used in this instance of inquiry.

There were ''fuur-score and five persons that did wear a linen ephod"of the priests who lived in the city of Nob.

These most undoubtedly had the Urim by which they could inquire of God.

(See I Samuel, xxii; 18.) The priest who dwelt in the house of Micah, in Mount Ephraim, had an ephod and teraphim, and could inquire of God.

The five spies of the tribe of Dan employed this priest to inquire of the Lord for them.

"And they said unto him, Ask counsel, we pray thee, of God, that we may know whether our way

SERMONS AND WRITINGS FROM THE PROPHETS.

which we go shall be prosperous.

And the priest said unto them, Go in peace;

before the Lord is your way wherein ye go."(Judges xviii;

5, 6.) In the days of Ezra and Nehemiah, certain priests of the children of Barzillai, sought to find their genealogy registered, but could not.

"Therefore, were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.

And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim."(Ezra ii; 61-63: also Nehemiah vii; 63-65.)

During the captivity of the Jews in Babylon, it appears that they were deprived of this sacred instrument;

but immediately after their restoration, they saw the need of the Urim, to ascertain genealogies, where they had been lost.

Hosea, the prophet, foretold the future calamities of Israel, among which he predicts the loss of the ephod and teraphim. He said: "The children of Israel shall abide many days without a king, and without a prince, and without a sacrifice, and without an image, and without an ephod, and without teraphim.

Afterward shall the children of Israel return, and seek the Lord their God, and David their king: and shall fear the Lord and His goodness in the latter days."(Hosea iii;

4, 5.) Many long centuries have rolled away, since this prophecy commenced its fulfillment.

The ephod, with its breastplate of judgment, containing the Urim and Thummim, has been absent some two thousand years.

But as the "latter-days"have come, in which great blessings are to be given to Israel, as predicted in the fifth verse, God has again restored the Urim and Thummim to the great Seer of the last dispensation—Joseph Smith.

By this sacred instrument, he translated that divine and holy record, the Book of Mormon, or the sacred history of ancient America.

Jethro, Moses'father-in-law, was a descendant of Abraham, and a priest of the Most High God, not after the order of Aaron, but after a higher order.

He was a priest of the descendant of Midian who was the fourth son of Keturah, one of Abraham's wives.

This Midianitish priest came into the camp of Israel, and gave Moses the pattern after which to organize the whole nation for the proper administration of their theocratical form of government.

And Moses did all things as he was directed by this great priest.

After which Moses requested him to go with Israel, but Jethro (or Hobab said unto him, "I will not go; but I will depart to mine own land. And he said, leave us not, I pray thee;

forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness, and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes."(Numbers x, 30-31.) How could Jethro benefit Israel in their wanderings in the wilderness?

By being to them as eyes;

that is, by being their Seer.

There is but little doubt, from what is recorded, that Jethro had the Urim, or the Seer's divine instrument, through which he could inquire of God;

hence, the anxiety of Moses to retain him in the camp, that he might be as eyes to Israel, during their long and tedious journey in a solitary and frightful wilderness.

In the revelation to John on Patmos, Jesus says, "To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him A white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth save he that receiveth it."(Rev.

ii, 17.) Now there must be something connected with this stone of more value than the new name written in it.

There is, undoubtedly a power connected with it, of the same nature as that attending the Urim or the stone itself will be a Urim and Thummim to the person to whom the new name has been given, and to none others.

Joseph the

SERMONS AND WRITINGS FROM THE PROPHETS.

Seer, in his interesting history, says that this white stone will be a Urim and Thummim.

He also says, that the "sea of glass,''upon which John saw the Saints standing, will be the earth in its sanctified and immortal state;

and that in this glorified state, it will be a Urim and Thummim to all celestial inhabitants, who dwell upon it.

If a small stone or other material in Aaron's breastplate could be made by the power of God to shine forth and illuminate the vision of the Seer, then by the same power the whole earth could be filled with the Spirit of God, and be made to shine with celestial glory, like the sun in the firmament of heaven.

The glorified inhabitants of a glorified world, would thus have the means of beholding all kingdoms and worlds of an inferior order.

The "silver cup,"which Joseph in

Egypt commanded the steward to put in Benjamin's sack, in order to try his brethren, was, most probably, sanctified as a Urim and Thummim to Joseph.

Hence, Joseph, commanded the steward to pursue his brethren, and say to them, "Is not this it in which my lord drinketh, and whereby, indeed, he divineth?"And when Joseph's brethren were brought back, he said unto them, "What deed is this ye have done?

Wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine?"(See Gen.

xliv.

It would be no more difficult for the Lord to sanctify a "silver cup,"and cause it to be endowed with all the properties of the Urim, than to sanctify a stone or any other material for such a holy purpose.

It was the gift of seeing in these holy, divine instruments which, without doubt, constituted the difference between a Seer and a prophet.

The former being a prophet with the additional gift of the Urim;

the latter being a prophet without the aid of that divine instrument.

The next spiritual blessing which will be considered is, THE GIFT OF VISIONS AND DREAMS.

It has seemed good unto the Almighty to reveal to His people, in in all ages many glorious principles, though different gifts.

Sometimes these revelations are given by His own voice, at other times, they are manifested by the voice of angels;

sometimes they are whispered by the voice of inspiration, at another time they are unfolded to the sight through the Urim;

sometimes, through some miraculous providence;

and at other times through heavenly visions and dreams.

God spake by the mouth of Joel the prophet, saying, "And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions."(Joel, ii, 28.) This same prophecy was quoted by the Apostle

Peter, on the day of Pentecost, who declared that the Spirit which Joel spoke of, might be received by all nations and generations, on conditions of obedience to the Gospel.

In addition to making both men and women of all flesh, prophets, it is most emphatically declared that the "old men shall dream dreams, and the young men shall see visions."Great things are often revealed in this manner.

God came and talked with King Abimelech, by which he learned how to preserve himself and all his house from a sin which would have brought death upon them all.

(See Gen. xx. ) Many visions and dreams were given to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.

The promises made on these occasions were exceedingly great, and have been esteemed of the same importance as those made through other gifts.

The lives of Israel and the Egyptians were saved by the revelations given through dreams, and their interpretation by Joseph.

Nebuchadnezzar, though a wicked king, had a most remarkable dream,

SERMONS AND WRITINGS FROM THE PROPHETS.

which, after awaking, he could not recollect.

Daniel had the same dream revealed to him, and the interpretation, by which the lives of all the wise men of Babylon were spared from the anger of the king.

Daniel, by dreams and visions, obtained a correct knowledge of the future kingdoms and governments of the earth, even down to the end.

Isaiah, by vision, saw the Lord sitting upon

His throne, and His train filling the temple.

The Christians of the first century were continually'led by dreams and visions.

By revelations given in this manner, they were forewarned of many dangers;

they escaped many calamities; and their lives were often very miraculously preserved.

The great revelation given to John on the isle of Patmos, was manifested to him by a vision.

The spirit of man has eyes, as well as his body.

The eyes of the spirit are in conjunction with the eyes of the body.

When things are seen naturally, the eyes of the spirit behold through the instrumentality of the bodily eyes.

When things are beheld spiritually, the spiritual eyes discern without the aid of the natural eyes.

Hence, a blind man can see spiritually, though he may be perfectly ignorant of the process of natural seeing.

So, likewise, millions may see naturally, and yet be perfectly ignorant of the process of spiritual seeing.

As the blind man can form no idea of the beautiful landscape, or the nature of colors or light, for want of experience, so, likewise, a natural man who has never seen anything by vision knows not the nature of spiritual light; neither does he understand how his spirit can look upon the past or the future, or gaze upon that which is out of the reach of the natural eye.

"The natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of

God;

for they are foolishness unto him; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.

(I Cor.

ii, 14.) If a spiritual man declares to a natural man that he has seen what will take place at a future time, or that he has beheld something beyond the reach of the natural eye, the latter will begin to doubt the possibility of such a thing.

He will say, "How can this be?

It is contrary to the laws of optics and the nature of light to see the future, or to look through opaque bodies."It is all foolishness to him.

Because he has never experienced a spiritual vision, he doubts the philosophy ot such a mode of seeing.

He does not realize that there is a more refined and powerful substance than that of the natural light, which is copiously diffused through all nature.

He does not realize that this living, subtle fluid can penetrate bodies opaque to the natural light, with the same ease that light penetrates transparent bodies, or the distant regions of space.

He does not realize that this quickening, powerful fluid, after having penetrated opaque bodies from a distance can proceed to the natural eyes and produce a sensation of vision on them, with as much force and with greater certainty than what is produced by the natural light upon bodily eyes.

Bodies which are opaque to the natural light, or which will not admit its transmission, are not opaque to spiritual light, but are perfectly transparent to it, and will admit its rays with the most perfect freedom.

Spiritual light can pass through worlds hundreds of thousands of miles in diameter, with greater ease than the electric fluid passes over the telegraphic wire, or to complete its circuit, returns thousands of miles through the solid earth to the place of its generation.

As the electric fluid passes through bodies opaque to the natural light, and conveys its message thousands of miles almost instantaneously, so does the still more powerful spiritual fluid convey its message ironi continent to continent, from heaven to earth, from

SERMONS AND

U RITINGS FROM THE PROPHETS.

world to world, in a twinkling of an eye, or with a velocity far greater than that of light.

No substances are non-conductors or opaque to it.

All that is necessary is to have the spiritual telegraph, or, in other words, the spiritual eyes in a proper condition to receive the impression;

and worlds, with all their glorious contents, are exposed to the enraptured vision: and man finds himself in possession of another sense, more powerful, more extended and more glorious, than all the other senses combined.

It is difficult for the natural man to conceive of the existence of this greater sense or faculty of the mind, unless he has experienced, in a degree, these supernatural illuminations.

A man who was born perfectly deaf and blind, could not form the most remote idea of sounds, music, shades, colors, and the perception of distant objects; the whole world of light and sounds would be perfectly shut out from his view.

If he were told that his fellow-man was blessed with two additional senses, by which he could discern objects at a distance, he might assent to the declaration, though the assertion would be altogether incomprehensible to him; he would wonder how it was possible to perceive objects beyond the reach of the hand; or how men could communicate thenthoughts to one another, by speech or sound.

Perhaps he might suppose that sound was like ajar on the body; but then the mystery to him would be: how men could jar one another's ears, when many yards apart.

Again, he might suppose light to affect the eye at a distance, something similar to what heat, at a distance, affects the body;

but it would be mysterious to him, how light could affect the eye when the luminous body was scores of miles distant.

As to what was meant by a variety of colors, he could comprehend nothing, though it should be explained to him all his life.

He might suppose differences of color to be like differences of temperature, or like the differences of the velocity of currents of water or wind.

If the man who was born deaf and blind, and who could comprehend nothing only what he learned by smelling, tasting, feeling and reflec tion, were suddenly to acquire his sight and hearing, these two senses, entirely new to him, would pour into his mind a vast world of new ideas.

He would find himself possessed of original faculties which had lain dormant from his birth—faculties with which he was entirely unacquainted, until new circumstances brought them into exercise.

So it is with the man whose eyes are opened to see visions; he learns for the first time in his life, that there are other faculties in man, besides the five senses—faculties of a far superior nature, faculties as new to him as sight to the blind, or hearing to the deaf.

He now understands what was before incomprehensible;

he now can gaze upon things within the bowels of the earth, as well as upon its surface; he now finds himself beholding the past or the future with the same ease as he formerly beheld the present; he now can look upon spirits, upon angels, and upon God, without any more effort than to look naturally upon man or upon the natural things of creation.

Dark bodies and worlds are no longer dark to him, but they are full of light, and as transparent as the pure atmosphere of heaven.

He beholds, with the greatest astonishment!

He gazes with rapture and delight upon the untold glories of the world of spirits, and upon the inexhaustible riches of the great universe of God.

A dormant faculty is awakened in him which he had no idea he possessed; he is a wonder to himself; a world of new ideas and knowledge rushes upon his vision;

he is overwhelmed with the greatness and magnificence of the scenery;

and when the vision is withdrawn, he

SERMONS AND WRITINGS FROM THE PRO I'HETS.

finds that it has been too much for mortality to endure, without being overpowered;

hence, the visions of Daniel overcame his strength, prostrated his body, and made him for several days sick.

Spiritual seeing will no doubt be the method of seeing in a future state. The eyes of the celestial body being quickened and enlightened by the power and light of the Holy Ghost will, at all times, be prepared to behold the wonderful works of God, and gaze upon the glories of the universe.

The eyes of mortality behold objects on this side of the vail, according to the laws of natural light;

the eyes of immortality will behold objects on both sides of the vail, according to the laws of both natural and spiritual light.

And as the laws of spiritual light are immeasurably greater and more diversified in their range of operations, so spiritual eyes, adapted to these laws, will have their field of vision proportionately enlarged

Natural eyes now behold some few things in their gross and more tangible forms;

spiritual eyes will then behold things in their more refined and recondite condition.

Mortality beholds only some of the outward effects of nature;

while immortality will look, not only upon the effects, but upon the causes also.

The eyes of mortality view only the exterior or surfaces of bodies, from which the natural light emanates;

the eyes of immortality will pierce the interior also, and behold the minute, yet powerful workings of the elements from which the spiritual light emanates.

In a future state, the capacities of the mind will be developed and enlarged, in proportion to the increased facilities for acquiring knowledge.

An enlarged vision would be of but very little service without a corresponding enlargement of the mind.

But the same Spirit which quickens the eyes of the immortal body, will also quicken the immortal mind which inhabits that body.

If the immortal eye, at one glance, can behold all the elements and particles of a world, with their infinitely varied operations, the immortal mind will be able to comprehend the scenery, and to remember the world of new ideas thus poured in upon it.

The day is to come, when the knowledge of God will cover the earth as the waters do the great deep; when no man shall say to his neighbor, know ye the Lord, but all will know Him from the least unto the greatest.

To prepare the way for that great day of knowledge, the

Church of God must be restored in the latter days;

the Saints, in that Church must be filled with righteousness and with the Holy Ghost; the miraculous signs and spiritual gifts must be restored to them; and they must increase in these gifts and powers, more and more, until they grow up from babes and children in Christ to be perfect men in the kingdom.

And when they have been sufficiently perfected by these gifts, and the wicked have all been destroyed out of the earth—then the Spirit of the Lord, as Joel predicted, will be poured out upon all flesh who are counted worthy to remain and the whole earth in that day will be inhabited by prophets, seers and revelators, having dreams, visions and heavenly powers; communing with angels, glorified men, with God the Father and with

His Son, Jesus Christ;

gazing, by visions, upon heaven, and upon the heaven of heavens, that the knowledge of kingdoms, and glorified worlds and multiplied upon them till they shall be overwhelmed with eternal light and truth as the channels of the mighty deep are overwhelmed with the ocean floods.

By visions, things unlawful to be uttered have been shown to man.

Indeed, things which were unutterable have been revealed and understood by the power of the Holy Ghost.

Some might suppose that things which could be seen and understood

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

while in the Spirit, could not be uttered or expressed to the understanding of others; but such is not always the case.

There are many mysteries which, though they might be well understood by the light of the Spirit, yet cannot be comprehended by the natural mind;

for the natural man cannot know the things of the Spirit;

they are only to be spiritually discerned.

Indeed, there are many things understood by the learned which are unutterable to the unlearned.

How could an algebraical problem be uttered or expressed to the understanding of one unacquainted with algebra?

How could the intricate and profound problems, solved only by the aid of fluxional quantities be uttered or expressed to the understanding of those wholly unacquainted with the higher calculus?

It may, with the greatest propriety, be said that the deep mysteries unfolded by the powerful aid of the analytical calculus are as inexpressible to the unlearned, as the profound mysteries of heavenly worlds, beheld in vision, would be to the natural man.

No language could be so framed as to convey to him an understanding of what a spiritual man could easily comprehend by vision.

To see naturally is a great gift; but to see spiritually is incomparably greater;

the former is extremely limited in its field ol vision; the latter pierces the Universe

Apostle Orson Pratt COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

REPRESENTING THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS'COLLEGE, SALT LAKE CITY.

Being a partial reflex of the work done in the chief Theological College of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day SaintsTHE AIR WE BREATHE.

"A good wife and health is a man's best wealth."Franklin.

"Let no one ever depend upon disinfectants, fumigations and the like for purifying air.

The offensive thing not its smell must be removed.''—Florence Nightingale.

Most persons have a general knowledge of the relation of pure air to health; and yet, if one may judge from their conduct there are snany who do not fully appreciate its importance.

How many, during the cold nights of winter, close up all the openings which might admit fresh air to their sleeping apartments, apparently fearing to be exposed to the raw night air.

How many rooms are shut tight during the day, that the warmed air may not be allowed to escape and be replaced by the cold air from without?

Yet is such a course little else than slow suicide.

It is related that the captain of the ship Londonderry, during a storm at sea, shut the hatches.

There were only seven cubic feet of space left for each person, and in six hours ninety of the passengers were dead.

This story with others of a like character, illustrates very forcibly the importance of pure air.

Let us inquire the reason of this:

The air is an invisible fluid which surrounds the earth like an ocean about forty-five miles in depth.

In the bottom of this ocean we live and move arid breathe.

The air is not composed of a single element as the ancients believed, but consists of about one part oxygen to tour parts nitrogen.

These two elements are as opposite as possible in character.

Oxygen is a vigorous supporter of combustion, capable of uniting with the carbon and the hydrogen of coal or the tissues of the bodv:

while nitrogen is inert, will not support combustion, and appears to be useful in the air mainly to dilute the more active oxygen.

If the air consisted entirely of oxygen, a conflagration

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

once started could scarcely be checked while anything remained to be consumed.

But in addition to these two elements, air also contains variable quantities of watery vapor, and a small quantity of carbon dioxide, about four parts in ten thousand of the air.

When the oxygen of the air combines with the carbon and hydrogen of the coal, energy is released in the form of heat, which, however, may be converted into mechanical work, as is done in the steam engine.

So when oxygen combines with these same elements in our bodies, it gives rise to heat and enables us to perform muscular work.

Thus the source of energy in our bodies is largely the same as that in the steamengine; the tood eaten in the one case corresponding to the coal burned in the other.

When air is drawn into the lungs, the oxygen passes through the thin, cell walls, and combines with a substance called haemoglobin in the blood.

It is carried with the blood to all parts of the body, and there unites with the carbon of the tissues to form carbon dioxide, and with the hydrogen to form water.

But the carbon dioxide thus formed can yield the body no more energy and it must be removed.

It is therefore taken up by the blood and carried to the lungs where it passes through the cell walls to the air, at the same time that oxygen is passing from the air to the blood.

But this air in the lungs must be constantly removed, for two reasons:

a supply of oxygen must be provided to replace what is taken out by the blood, and the carbon dioxide -and other poisonous waste matters must be carried away by the outgoing air.

There are certain organic poisons which are not easily analyzed, but which are detected by the sense of smell in a poorly ventilated room, and which are the most dangerous impurities thrown off with the breath.

It will thus be seen that air once breathed is no longer fit for respiration, being deficient in oxygen and loaded with poisons.

But so long as we have access to the great air ocean we are in little danger of rebreathing much of this unwholesome air, as when it has been expelled from the lungs it tends to diftuse itself through the surrounding atmosphere, so the next breath contains but little of the exhaled poisons.

Besides that, the winds bear away the contaminated air, and carry it into the country and out among the forest trees to be purified.

But it is evident that the air of inhabited rooms must need renewing, and it becomes important to know how rapidly contamination takes place.

It should be remembered that the carbon dioxide thrown off with the breath is not the most dangerous of the poisons in the expired air, but it is the most easily measured;

and therefore, since the ratio of this to the other poisons is usually about the same, the condition of the air is commonly determined by the amount of this substance it contains.

It is held by authorities on sanitary science that when carbon dioxide is present to the amount of six parts in ten thousand, the air is no longer fit to breathe.

An ordinary person, in a state of rest, will expire about two pounds of carbon dioxide in three and one-third hours.

This amount added to the four pounds already contained, would give six parts to ten thousand cubic feet of air.

Thus, one person will contaminate ten thousand cubic feet of air in three and one-third hours, or three thousand feet in one hour;

and this amount of fresh air must be supplied, if we would keep the air in a healthful condition.

As to the means of ventilation, most of our dwellings and many of our public buildings are wofully deficient.

During the summer the question is at least partially solved, by throwing open the windows and doors;

but in the winter it is differ-

COLLEGE DEPAR TMEN T.

ent.

When the temperature is low, it is expensive to heat the necessary amount of fresh air, and we are too often content to confine in our homes the warm, but foul air, and there breathe it again and again, at great peril to our health and even to our lives, and certainly at great loss of energy and vitality.

I cannot but think that a false economy which, lor the sake of a few dollars, robs the body of the pure air necessary to carry on its vital processes, lowers the tone of the system, and lays the body open to the inroads of disease.

In such a constitution, consumption, diphtheria and other maladies find soil ready prepared; and the germs once entering such a body, lose no time in springing into life.

But surely the argument for economy can find no place in our sleeping rooms.

There let the fresh air of heaven find an entrance, and revive the flagging energies of the bodies deprived of that life-giving oxygen during the day.

In the sick room, especially, should fresh air be provided.

There the causes of contamination are multiplied, and the weakened system needs all the aid it can secure from its natural ally, oxygen, in its struggle against disease.

Our meetings and schools are too often but poorly ventilated; and the drowsiness which creeps over the congregation, is perhaps as often the result oi the unsanitary condition of the room, as lack of interest in the sermon. Who does not remember how grateful is a breath of fresh air, after he has been shut up for two hours in a crowded lecture hall?

But since the air is being constantly rendered impure by the breath of animals, by fires and by decaying organic matter, it may be interesting to inquire by what means this effect is counteracted.

Every blade ofgrass, every green leaf in orchard and forest, acting under the influence of sunlight, is drinking in the carbon dioxide and throwing off oxygen as a waste product.

Thus, that which is death to the animal is life to the plant;

and that which the plant rejects is the very substance which makes it possible for the animal to live.

It will thus be seen that the air of cities can scarcely ever be as healthful as that of the country, where the vegetation is constantly renewing it.

This may account in part for the better health and longer life of the farmer; and it may also serve to show the importance of public parks and gardens in the city, where the poor may go and escape for awhile from the narrow confining walls and the heavy air of their crowded homes.

In the small and poorly ventilated homes of our large cities, is where contagious diseases find their readiest victims, where intemperance finds its most numerous votaries.

The lack of the energy-yielding oxygen and wholesome food gives rise in the system to a craving for stimulants and narcotics, and drunkenness follows in the wake.

If we would banish intemperance and disease from the homes of our people, I can think of no better way to make a beginning than to see that the inmates have an abundant supply of pure air.

J.

T.

Woodbury.

OUR HEAVENLY WAY.

"Thanks to the human heart by which we live.

Thanks to its tenderness, its joys and fears, To me the meanest flower that blows can give,

Thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears.

Man can never give thanks enough to his Creator for the mercies of his existence.

He can never express his appreciation of the beauties of God's domain.

He can never understand the mysteries of nature, and the almighty wisdom of His heavenly way.

God gave this beautiful earth to man for his dwelling-place, yet under the shifting scenes of this world's theatre, under light and shade he was born tor deeds, to act and work and suffer.

God will point out to every

COLLEGE DEPAR TMEN'l.

Christian the heavenly way, which will lead him to a desired haven of rest.

Not one soul can pass unnoticed, He careth for every one, and Christ tells us that, "Our Father knoweth what things we stand in need of."How tenderly the poet said:

"He who daily feeds the sparrow,

He who clothes the lillies bright,

More than bird or flower holds thee,

Precious in His sight.""Our Father"that Christ taught us of, gives His Godhead to all humanity.

He is our God whether we choose to recognize him as such or not.

Truly He is "our Father, and He would save with pleasure all His children from that which makes them weak and wretched.

He who made this earth aud its people must have been guided by His own heart in that mighty and endless work of creation.

All the beauties and comforts of our earthly homes are tokens of His love towards us.

In the fact that He endowed us with minds to understand His mind and will, and with hearts to exchange love for love, clearly demonstrates His Fatherhood.

He reflects His own glorious qualities of character and of will in the human soul, that it might be like unto Him who made man in His own image.

Sister Eliza R. Snow sublimely said:

"In the likeness of Deity gracefully formed,

With his noble attributes richly adorned,

For a grand immortality man is designed, Perfect in body and perfect in mind."

Think of the divine results if every man would think himself an act of God, his mind God's thought, and his life God's breath.

Now, alas, man is but the ruin of what God made;

but traces of that divine Being still remain.

Fallen humanity has brought about all the curses of this earth, God did not endow men with any such weaknesses.

To every one He has given a talent but if that talent be hid away it will rust, and in the end the servant will be cast out.

Listen to what Christ said to His disciples: "If any man will come alter me let him deny himself, and take up his cross and follow me.

For whosoever will save his life shall lose it, and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it again.

For what is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world and lose his own soul?

or what can a man -give in exchange for his soul.

For the Son of man shall come in the glory of His Father with His angels; and then He shall reward every man according to his works.

The path of righteousness is open to every one, but humanity too often fails to recognize it;

vice seems to crown many a person's earthlyefforts, and men forget the God in whose image they were created.

Some think that God will come to them, but they will have to go to Him, humble and pure in spirit.

David truly said "Cast thy burden upon the Lord and

He shall sustain thee; He shall never suffer the righteous to be moved."(Pslams lv, 22.) Paul tells us that Christ consecrated for us a new and living way whereby we might follow that mighty Sun of existence, besides which we are like the faintest stars.

Our path in life is upward and onward, and the spirit of Christ's mission urges us on until the hopedfor happiness of heaven will be obtained.

Our work, like Christ's, is to raise humanity and instill into men's lives the lofty mission and endless work which is before them.

Weak as we may appear in this, we can implant in their souls the divine truth that Paul taught, "Where the Spirit of the Lord is there is liberty."Thus we see, that our heavenly way leads us nearer to God, and the meek and lowly are taught Christ's way.

When we fail to realize God let us turn to Christ, He was not merely a prophet, but He was and is now a divine Being.

In Him dwells the Father, and the whole spirit and conduct of His life is a true image of

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

God.

Therefore he said:

"The words that I speak unto you, I speak not of myself, but of the Father.

The Father that dwelleth in me, doeth the works.

I and the Father are one.

Here we see the infinite glory, and goodness and love of God, shining softly on us through this earthly life.

Let us never forget "our Father which is in heaven "and we will forever be inspired to that glorious standard of immortality that prompted Christ to teach us those heavenly words.

Remember that the words, "Be perfect'throb in every fibre of the human heart.

Our heavenly way lies before us;

rugged though the path may appear, it is lighted here and there by the works of many noble men, whose lives are worthy of imitation.

H.

C. Sharp.

CHARITY.

(Answer to the question, "What is charity?"given in general theology.

Impudence and egotism are to be rejected,

Knowledge and wisdom are to be respected,

Talent and beauty are to be admired,

But love and charity are to be desired.

What is charity?

As defined by Webster, it is that disposition of heart which inclines men to think favorably of their fellow-men, and to do them good.

As defined by Paul, charity is kindness;

it envieth not, vaunteth not itself is not puffed up, seeketh not her own, thinketh no evil.

These definitions are broad and good, but the meaning of the word charity, these days, is almost confined to the giving of alms.

In Corinthians xiii, 3, Paul says:

"And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing."From this we see that giving is not always charity.

A man may give or donate sums of money, and yet not have charity; he may give all he has, and yet not have charity.

He may wish to get into public favor, or to make for himself a reputation, not a character;

or to get a public office, ("a private snap,"as one of our statesmen has called it).

The world may call that kind of giving, charity, but surely it should be called one of the worst forms of hypocrisy.

Charity is that virtue in man which inclines him to do good.

We can do good in many ways:

By doing little acts of kindness, by helping our fellow-beings to do right, by helping those beneath us to be our equals, by showing respect for the beliefs, ceremonies and customs of other people.

Most of us are honest, most of us are truthful, but not all of us are reverential.

We go to some place and there see a rite or ceremony that seems odd to us.

We ridicule and make light of it; that is the absence of charity.

Perhaps we respect ourselves while we are at the place; but as soon as we get away, and meet some of our friends, we must make fun of the ceremony, so as to appear witty.

It may be wit, but it is unkind and uncharitable;

and much that passes in the world for wit, is made up of about one part intelligence and two parts impudence.

We are better, greater and wiser without that kind of wit.

It is better not to be witty, than to hurt our fellow-beings; for that is not charity.

Charity is kindness.

Kindness does not simply consist in giving, but consists in giving with the spirit of generosity.

A man may give money, which comes from his purse, and withhold kindness, which comes from his heart.

That sort of giving does not amount to much, and is simply a show; and as Christ has said: "He doeth his alms to be seen of men."But the kindness that comes from true sympathy, is never without beneficent results.

The kind and generous-hearted men are the active men of the world; while the selfish and skeptical are its idlers.

HONOR VOIR

/'.I A'/-NTS.

Egotism and "selfishness are always miserable companions in life.

The egotist lives next door to a fanatic;

constantly thinking of himself, referring to himself and studying himself, until his own little self becomes his own little god.

Kindness is the surest sign of a noble character.

A man may be a genius, with intelligence, talent and reputation, and yet not have have a noble character.

Some of us may not have genius or talent, but all of us can have a good character;

it is not inherited, but made.

It is better to have a character than to have talent; for men ask advice of men of talent, but unless that talent is accompanied with a character, it is not followed.

When men ask advice of a man of character, they usually follow that advice.

A good character consists in being kind, honest, truthful, conscientious, benevolent, reverential; and when we are so, we have charity.

Tony Lewis.

HONOR YOUR PARENTS.

Doubtless every young man in Zion is acquainted with the Ten Commandments given by the Lord to ancient Israel and recorded in Exodus xx.

, one of which is, "Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee."These commands are binding today just as they were in the days of Moses;

but the law governing their observance is not so strict, neither do we desire it should be.

We read in Exodus, 21st chapter, and 15th and 17th verses: ''And he that smiteth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death.

And he that curseth his father or his mother shall surely be put to death."Many parents in Zion can profit, I think, by a careful study of this subject; as can the youth be profited and blessed by retaining in their memories and practicing in their lives the commandment above referred to.

After giving the law of the Lord to Moses, which made the violation of this commandment punishable by death, let me now refer to the glorious promise made to those who keep the commandment:

their davb shall be long upon the land which God giveth them.

Now since life is a gift of God and is something every noble and good soul enjoys and is grateful for, since the sons of God shouted for joy at the prospects of their coming to take tabernacles of flesh upon this earth, thereby preparing themselves by the experiences to be gained in this state for a greater life and glory in the future;

and since none but the ungrateful to God, the wicked, have a desire to shorten their days upon earth (for this desire is from the adversary), we deem this promise a grand one.

How we love to listen to those whose hair has become white with the weight of years, and whose faith in the final triumph of this work is seemingly founded upon the solid rock, relate the experiences of their long and useful lives and encourage by pronouncing blessings upon the faithful of Zion!

If we have the spirit of our calling as children of Zion we honor those gray hairs; we remove from the pathway of those noble sires each obstacle, and smooth their way while yet they live by our obedience to them in righteousness.

Thus we keep the commandment of God whereby we inherit long life upon a chosen land given to God's people.

What greater blessing can be bestowed upon mortal man?

Without life our bodies are only dust.

With life and a determination to keep God's commands, our hopes, our possibilities, and our glory are great.

Hence, "Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thv God giveth thee."Bona Fide.

MY COLLEGE DAYS.

FRATERNITIES.

I think the majority of the Utah students, who go away from home to college, find nothing more thoroughly new to them than the Greek

Letter fraternities.

Not having been closely connected with any of these organizations, what I may say ot them must necessarily be simply the thought and observation of a silent spectator.

The welfare of humanity demands organization and the natural tendency of humanity is in that direction.

The students at one particular boarding-house may be known because they are especially devoted to their books, at another because their parties are especially entertaining;

the students who love study, enjoy going to that boarding-house where they study; those who delight in being entertained go where they find the best entertainments, and fraternities as they exist today are probably the outgrowth of such friendly and congenial relations.

A school to be ideal in its organization ought to make of its students one harmonious whole—a perfect family;

each student should be a brother or a sister to every other, and each should be interested in the welfare and progress of all his fellows.

In a school, however, of more than three thousand students, wherein representatives are found from almost every civilized country, each having his own peculiar ideas of life and religion, all having received training under circumstances more or less different, all with habits, and thoughts, and ambitions, and manners, and dress widelv varied, and each with his own peculiar prejudices, such an organization hardly seems possible.

Some are rich;

many are poor;

some are careful with what thev have, others are extravagant; some go hungry to wear fine clothes, others go in shabby c clothing that they may gratify their appetites;

and while many are scrupulously clean, a few are devoid of any sense of cleanliness;

out ot these, how, without religion, can one homogeneous whole be made?

Than college fraternities there is perhaps no more powerful social factor.

If when men have been in the same classes day after day and month after month for four or five years, they become closely attached to one another, what may we expect of the fraternity men who eat together, go into society together, sing and play together—in short live together for all that length of time?

The societies are designated by two or more Greek letters, as:

the fraternity of x f (Chi Psi), the fraternity of a a* (Alpha Delta Phi), the fraternity of A K E (Delta Kappa

Epsilon), etc., etc.

When once a man joins a fraternity he is supposed to be a member always, therefore the fraternity men not in college, greatly exceed in numbers those who are actually at school.

Fraternity men pledge themselves to assist one another all through life, and it is commonly understood that certain promises are made, and certain ceremonies gone through in these secret societies which must not be divulged.

Members are not confined to the students of any one university; any of these organizations may have a chapter at each ot twenty or thirty or even more educational institutions, and each chapter may have any number of members;

they usually average something like eighteen or twenty, so that in all, one fraternity may have as many as four or five hundred in college.

If a man goes from his own to another chapter of his fraternity, he is supposed to be received immediately into full fellowship.

Many of the most prominent persons of our nation are fraternity men, hence it is not uncommon when such men as President Cleveland and

MY COLLEGE DAYS.

Thomas B. Reed visit a college town to find them entertained by their fraternities; and it is the delight of these college men, banded together as they are, to make the entertainment of such guests as complete as possible.

We invite our reader to go with us in imagination down State, the principal residing street in the city.

On it are the most magnificent homes the city boasts;

they are fraternity houses.

Picture one of these homes.

The weather may be warm or cold, in either case what one sees is equally interesting.

Twenty-five men, young, vigorous, refined, intelligent, wealthy.

They know one another and understand one another perfectly.

The house stands not too far back from the street and not too near.

If it be summer, the lawn, beautiful as a carpet, extends beyond the sidewalk to the gutter.

There are no fences and one feels as he passes on the pavement that he might be one of them.

Within, all is inviting;

the house is brightly lighted with electricity, the rooms are spacious, parlors, dining halls, boxing rooms—all are nicely arranged and richly furnished.

Negroes are usually employed for servants.

Apparently fond of music, we find in their homes at least one piano seemingly enough banjos, guitars and mandolins for several times as many persons.

Though the hands of the players appear white and their faces pale, these men are usually vigorous and quite strong, and in some cases they are noted athletes.

Together they sing their own fraternity songs, play their popular pieces and yell their college yells.

There is no worry, no anxiety, and when the time for recreation has ended there is plenty of work.

Some of the best students of the University are found among fraternity men as well as many professors.

Not least among the peculiarities of a fraternity man is his appearance always dignified, his hair carefully trimmed, parted in the middle and combed down all around; his clothes cut in the latest style, every wrinkle pressed out of his coat, and his pants creased; his face is clean shaven, his hat carefully brushed and his shoes nicely polished.

His steps are long and rather slow—he is proud.

Yet I cannot say too much to impress upon the reader's mind that fraternity men in each society are thoroughly and completely devoted to one another, so much so that they give very little attention to others.

They have their own private dances, and other entertainments to which few others than fraternity men are invited.

Let the man of money who loves gay and romantic life, join a fraternitv and the desires of his heart will be gratified.

Life in these societies s lull of attraction.

In Ann Arbor there are about forty of these organizations, most of which are for men, though of late years a few have been organized for women; men and women, however, never belong to the same fraternity.

There are medical fraternities, lawfraternities, dental fraternities, etc.

men having been invited to join these fraternities who were thought to be congenial.

Graduates keep in close touch with the boys in college and furnish them employment when their college course is through as far as opportunity presents itself.

In my judgment college fraternities are productive of more evil than good.

The members of these fraternities in some cases not only hate the independents, but also fraternity men if they are not members of their own society, and not infrequently do they even shun their own poor, when presenting themselves from other colleges.

Nor have I ever heard of a man's being invited to join a Greek letter fraternity because of his excellent class record or his good charac-

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

ter, nor have I learned of a man's being refused a place in a fraternity providing he had money.

No sooner are the entrance examinations over, and studies elected, than the voice of the politician is heard in the air.

It is in college that a great many politicians begin their political histories.

The battle is always waged between the "frats"and the independents.

More often does the man seek the office than the office the man.

Richard R. Lyman.

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A TALE OF THE BUCHANAN WAR.

The details of that wonderful and providential winter are written in lines of vivid interest and incident through the pages of recorded history.

The pen would fain linger to describe how Lot Smith and his brave companions followed up their arranged course, burning grass and trees, tearing up bridges and demolishing houses or huts of shelter everywhere along the road.

Fort Bridger, to which point the army of Utah made its exceedingly slow, painful way was a mass of ruins when entered by Colonel Albert Sidney Johnston and his halffrozen soldiers and the remnants of his trains and stock.

I cannot refrain from giving the words of the report of this awful march made to Congress by the two commanding officers, Colonel Johnston and Colonel

St. George Cooke.

The condition of the main division is thus given by Colonel Johnston:

"The expedition was now ordered to Fort Bridger, and at every step the difficulties increased.

There were only thirty-five miles to be traversed, but excepting on the margin of a few slender streams, the country through which our route lay is the barest of desert land.

There is no shelter from the chilly blasts of this mountain solitude, where even in

November, the thermometer sometimes sinks to 1 6° below zero.

There is no fuel but the wild sage and willow; and there is little pasture tor the half- frozen cattle.

Our march commenced on the sixth of November, and on the previous night fiv e hundred of our strongest cattle were taken by the Mormons.

The trains extended over six miles, and all day long sleet and snow fell on the retreating column.

Some of the men were frost bitten, and the exhausted animals were goaded by their drivers until many of them fell dead in their traces.

At sunset the troops camped wherever they could find a particle of shelter, some under bluffs, and some in the willow copses.

At daybreak the camp was surrounded with the carcasses of frozen cattle, of which several hundreds had perished during the night.

Still, as the trains arrived from the rear, each one halted for a day or more, giving time for the cattle to rest and graze on such scant herbage as they could find.

To press forward more rapidly was impossible, for it would have cost the lives of most of the draught animals;

to find shelter was equallv impossible, for there was none.

There was no alternative but to proceed slowly and persistently saving as many as possible of the horses, mules and oxen.

Fifteen days were required for this difficult operation."Arrived at Fort Bridger, they found the whole place in ruins, the Mormon scouts having destroyed and burned everything possible.

However, camp was struck at this place, and tents were erected.

And here the army of the United States wintered, calling the camp Fort Scott.

;oo JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A fine commentary on the foolish extravagance and thoughtless waste ol money involved in this disastrous campaign was furnished by the opening of the iew supply wagons left them by their relentless pursuers.

The wagons loaded with provisions were burned;

while the wagons which survived were filled with bedticks and camp kettles.

For two thousand six hundred men wintering in a region seven thousand feet above the sea level, where at night the thermometer always sinks below zero, there were three thousand one hundred and fifty bedticks, and only seven hundred and twenty-three blankets;

there were one thousand five hundred pairs of epaulets, and metallic scales, but only nine hundred coats and six hundred overcoats; there were three hundred and seven cap-covers, and only one hundred and ninety caps;

there were one thousand one hundred and ninety military stocks;

but although some of the men were already barefooted, and others with no covering for their feet but moccasins, there were only eight hundred and twenty-three pairs of boots and six hundred pairs of stockings.

One wagon was entirely freighted with camp kettles;

with nothing to cook, and no salt to season their nothingness.

An extract from Col.

St.

George Cooke's report gives quite as dismal a picture of his own division.

He says:

"The north wind and drifting snow became severe; the air seemed turned to frozen fog;

nothing could be seen;

we were struggling in a freezing cloud.

The lofty wall at Three Crossings was a happy relief;

but the guide who had lately passed there was relentless in pronouncing there was no grass at this point.

As he promised grass and shelter two miles further, we marched on, crossing twice more the rocky stream, half-choked with snow and ice; finallv he led us behind a great granite rock, but ail too small for the promised shelter.

Only a part of the regiment could huddle there in the deep snow;

whilst the long night through the storm continued, and in fearful eddies, above, below and behind, drove the falling and driiting snow.

Meanwhile the animals were driven once more across the stream to the base of the granite ridge which faced the storm, but where there was grass.

They refused to eat;

the mules huddled together, moaning piteously, while some of the horses broke from the guard and went back to the ford.

The next day, better camping ground was reached ten miles farther on.

On the morning of the 8th, the thermometer marked below freezing point;

but in this weather and through deep snow, the men made eighteen miles, and the following day nineteen miles, to the next camping ground on Bitter Creek, on the Sweetwater.

On the 10th, matters were still worse.

Herders, left to bring up the rear, with the stray mules, could not force them from the valley, and there they were left to perish.

Nine horses were also abandoned.

At night, the thermometer marked 25 ° below zero;

nearly all the tent-pins were broken, and nearly forty soldiers and teamsters were on the sick-list, most of them being frost-bitten.

The earth has no more lifeless, treeless, grassless desert;

it contains scarcely a wolf to glut itself on the hundreds of dead and frozen animals which, for thirty miles, nearly block the road."

Such was the condition in which this flower of the American army found themselves, when about ready, as they supposed, to enterand subdue a handful of unoffending and simplehearted people.

Something was certainly done by the band of hardy men who followed and surrounded the army with harassing circumstances; but they did little, compared to the forces which were brought to bear by the God of Nature, who undertook to fight this battle according to His own good pleasure and plan.

rOHh STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

Meanwhile, the Saints in the valley went on about their own peaceful avocations;

and, while active preparations were making to desert homes and destroy all vestiges of civilization, if necessary, in the near future, the secret hope and faith of the people was centered on the literal promise of their God, that He would fight their battles.

In February, that noble and wellbeloved friend to the Mormons, Col.

Thomas L. Kane, the brother of the famous explorer, entered Salt Lake City, on his self-imposed mission.

His efforts were crowned with success, and he went at once to Fort.

Scott.

In early April, Colonel Kane returned from Fort Scott, accompanied by the new governor of the Territory, who was a man ot much discretion and ability.

Governor Cumming was treated with all the respect and dignity due his rank and character.

The alleged missing records were immediately put into his possession, and the Territory was placed under his peaceful control.

But in order to avoid conflict, it was found necessary to permit the broken army to enter the valley, and remain peacefully in its borders, until such time as God could teach the nation that they had other wars than religious ones to fight.

The wise leader of this people, determined to leave no excuse for the invading soldiery to carry their mobocratic threats into execution, and so it happened that the wonderful, and as yet little understood Southern Move was planned, and carried to its needed limit.

On the twenty-sixth of June, 1858, at daybreak, the advance column of the American army began its march through the streets of Salt Lake City.

The soldiers, whose eyes had for so many months rested on desolation, looked with a pleased surprise on all the goodly evidences of civilization about them.

Houses, with blinking windows and comfortable porches;

the wide streets, flanked on either side with running streams of clear, cold, canyon water, and over their bubbling depths, drooped in graceful wildness, the limbs of the first shade trees, the native cotton wood;

these dug from neighboring streams and planted along every watercourse, to furnish shade and rest for eye and.

limb.

Commodious homes, barns, fences and outbuildings, gave this strange village city a look of mingled rural simplicity and city advantages.

The huge blocks were laid out in four huge lots, whereon sat with sturdy indifference, the snug house, its surrounding fruit and vegetable garden fenced in with poles or cobbles, and.

thus forming a sort of tiny farm.

Outside the city, the peaceful fields, cut by the water ditches into great checker boards, told the stranger where these people gathered together in city life found their means of subsistence.

The soldiers were not more curious^ nor more deeply impressed with the queer appearance of this silent, wellbuilt, yet deserted city than the officers who rode here and there inspecting and watching their various divisions.

One handsome, dark-eyed young officer looked about and rode from, side to side of *he silent streets, opening a gate at last and riding into a yard, as if unable longer to restrain his curiosity.

As he rode around to the back of the house, a door opened, and a man stood silently watching his approach.

"Well, my good fellow,"patronizingly said the blue-coated horseman,, "can you tell me the meaning of the extraordinary appearance of this extraordinary city?'"What's extraordinary?"asked:

the red-bearded man, leaning against the doorpost.

"Do you mean what's the meaning;

of the word, or what's there extraordinary about the town?

You must know, my man, that it seems very

JO //A STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

strange, to use simple language suited to your capacity, to find all these good houses, and barns and gardens, but to see no one moving about.

Not a woman or girl, not even a child or a dog to give active life to this rural scene.

Where are your women and children?

I have seen one or two men, but not a woman."''Haint seen a woman, hey?

Well, I don't see none either.""Can't you answer a civil question, my surly fellow?

Where are your women, your families?""I guess, mister, they're out of your reach, as well as out of your sight.

What you going to do about that?""Oh, I'm not afraid;

the women will find us out.

They have a particular fondness for brass buttons, you know.

I am not at all fearful, but that we shall find all the women we want, provided you big strapping fellows have got a few dozen over and above your own needs."The sneering, vet airy tone of this speech made John Stevens clinch his hands in silent yet mighty anger.

But, under orders to maintain peace, he merely turned around and sauntered away toward the barn, leaving his questioner to go or stay as he pleased.

"What in the name of mischief does all this mean?''asked the young officer of a brother captain as he rode out into the street and found his companions still streaming down the silent road.

"I just heard the colonel say that these people have followed their leader, old Brigham, down to the southern part of the Territory, and that they intend to emigrate to Mexico, or—who knows—to Brazil, maybe.

They were determined to give us no excuse to kill them or to even administer the punishment they so richly deserve.""Run away, have they?

Well, that's cool.

Here we've come out here over the most forsaken country in all the United States; have passed the beastliest winter ever seen by soldiers, since Moscow, and yet, when we get here ready to fulfill our work, behold the sacrifice has picked up his heels and fled ingloriously.""Not even having the grace to leave us a scrubby ram caught in the thicket.

Too bad, old fellow.

What about all your plans for a modern seraglio?

No doubt the women are kept under the closest surveillance, wherever they are.""Oh, well, as I told a raw-boned fellow in a dooryard back there, if the women get a sight of us, they will follow us without our even going to the trouble to whistle for them.

I have known the dear creatures all my life, don't you know?"All day, the tramp, tramp of armed men, the rattle of heavy field pieces and the jingle of swords and guns sounded through the silent, deserted streets.

All day, watchful, determined eyes, looked out here and there, from seemingly deserted houses, to see what this invading host would do.

Inside these houses, no sign of inhabited life remained;

the furniture was piled in great heaps, with under portions of shavings and kindlings and straw, ready to be burned at a moment's notice;

while these eager, watching, silent men inside, held matches to apply to these crisp piles, if the ever marching feet outside had stopped and attempted any desecration.

All day, all day the marching feet and wondering eyes passed through the blooming streets, and save here and there, where some daring hand would seize and pluck a spray of bloom from some rose bush, or a thirsty, dust-stained soldier would stoop and, making a cup of his hands, drink of the running, sparkling streams along the road, no one offered to stop, or even rest in the steady, onward, measured journey.

Miles to the south, there awaited in the silent desert, the spot where

JOHN STE YENS

C O UR 7SHIP these journeying troops would halt n their march, and, striking camp, sojourn for a season.

Still farther south, and quite away from every trace of this selected camping ground, there dwelt, for a season, the thirty thousand Saints, who had obeyed, unquestioned, their leader's wise command.

In Provo, most of the Saints had halted;

and here, on the willowy banks of that brawling river, which pours from out the snowy canyon steeps, had grown up a large, halfcamped, half-domiciled host, whose human hearts still beat with everyday hopes and fears, and whose tongues and thoughts were still very human, very natural.

Great events are great only to those who view them from a distance.

The swimmer, across the Grecian gulf, was far more interested in the exact measure of his stroke, than in the record he would make in history.

So here, there sat, in a small, dingy back room, two girls, interested in making a huge pot of cornmeal mush for the supper of two or three associated families.

"Don't stop stirring that cornmeal, Dian, until it is thoroughly cooked,"said the voice of Rachel Willis, as she entered the shanty.

"You know how your brother hates raw mush; and cornmeal mush is a science to know just how to cook it.

When it has cooked a good halfhour, I will come in and stir in the flour to thicken it."The girl bent over the fireplace and stirred the bubbling mass in the pot, while her pink cheeks turned to rosy red.

"Oh, Ellie, what a nuisance a fireplace is, anyhow.

I didn't half appreciate our good stove until I came here and had to work on this.""Never mind, Dian, I will have these cakes baked in a minute, and then I will stir it awhile.""Standing over a fire like this, makes my cheeks just like ugly old purple holyhocks.

It's all I can do to get along with my homely, red cheeks, under any circumstances;

but when I get over a fire, it simply makes me hideous.""Oh, no such thing; what do you care, anyway, Di., there's no one here to see you?""Don't need to be;

I am conscious of it, and that's enough.""Say, Dian, do you miss John Stevens?

I am just homesick to see him.

We have scarcely laid eyes on him this winter or spring.""No, I can't say that I do.

John is good enough, but he is so quiet;

I believe he is too tame to really amount to much.""Tame!

John Stevens tame!

Well, Dian, I gave you credit for more discernment than that.

Why, I don't believe there is a braver or more passionate man living than John.""Oh, I don't say but what he has temper enough;

his brilliantly red beard tells that: but I mean he is tame around women.

He pokes around as if he didn't care whether you were alive or dead.

I like some one with eyes and ears.

Some one who has a grain of gallantry in them.

Not such a stick as John Stevens.""Why don't you set your cap for Tom Allen, he has got eyes and ears for nothing else but the women?""And his dinner!

Tom Allen!

Oh, my!

Tom Allen!

Why, he's no more romance in him than in a dinner plate.

Just think of it!"And the girl laughed and laughed until her mush sputtered and boiled over with indignation, into the glowing coals on the fireplace.

"Well, you may laugh, but I really think Tom is as nice as he can be.

He may be funny and droll, but he has a great big heart, in him;

and if he wasn't engaged to that girl I would flirt with him myself.""Oh, Ellie, Ellie; you could flirt with anybody, and I verily believe

3°4 JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

love anybody who gave you good reason not to; but my heart is made of tougher material.

It isn't so gentle and lovable as your dear little one."Evidently Ellie wanted to turn the talk away from herself, so she offered to stir the mush, while Diantha watched the cakes.

Their conversation drifted to their own immediate surroundings.

"Sister Prescott has made some pretty good beer out of bran and hops; and she sent a lot over to us this morning,"said Dian, "but my brother would not touch it.

He never does anything which might give anyone a license to drink or do anything like that.

But we enjoy it.

Tom Allen himself brought it over and he says they have a jug full at his house."Several families had decided to put their fortunes together while camping out during this period, and the Willises, Tylers with a family of Prescotts, who had several little children, and Tom Allen and his mother were all living together in one or two small log houses near the

Provo River banks.

Tom Allen spent no time at work or at play which was not partly devoted to fun;

fun which was innocent of itself, but sometimes in the pursuit of this same fun, feelings were apt to be engendered.

"What do you think Squeechy Prescott did over at our house today, said Dian.

"Well, she ate every tooth out of our fine comb.

I just know Tom Allen put it where she could get at it, but he declares he did not.

I don't know what the folks will do, for fine combs are worth more money than we have got now.""What next won't that young one do; she ate up nearly all of my new strand o( beads last week; no wonder she has summer complaint, her mother lets her eat anything from pork rinds to fine teeth combs.""I sometimes feel sorry for Sister Prescott, for Tom justs delights in tormenting her.

And that great big homely baby of hers, it's a shame the way Tom teases it.""Come girls,"said Rachel Willis entering the kitchen, "I know your mush must be ready and the folks are all gathering in for supper.

Here, Dian, stir in this flour slowly and carefully, and I will be ready to take it up in just one moment."The united families were gathered at one long table, each one impatient for their frugal supper, and each one filled with the thoughts and impulses common to all humanity.

If any one of them had been conscious for one moment of the pathos and sadness of their real situation, the scene before them would have melted them to tears.

Driven from the most comfortable of hard earned homes, through the fear of armed violence extended under pretext of law and government to crush and annihilate them if possible, the four or five families, unable to get even a room apiece to shelter them from the winds and storms of the late spring weather, all huddled into these four log cabin rooms, and made beds on the floor, some using their wagon boxes for sleeping apartments, while all were obliged to use the utmost precaution to maintain any semblance of order and decency in their crowded condition.

The good people of Provo were taxed to the extreme to give shelter and comfort to the fleeing thousands who had suddenly called upon them for a share of hospitality.

Tents, boweries, shanties, rude structures of all kinds were pressed into service.

And people who could secure a shelter of any sort were deemed fortunate.

The work pressed hardest upon the women.

Compelled to carry on the common avocations of life under such circumstances, the weekly washings, ironings, cleanings and cooking

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

taxed even the most patient and strong to the very uttermost.

Our friends were lucky in including dear Aunt Clara Tyler, who went about in her quiet way, healing wounds made by thoughtless tongues, holding back the anger which pressed so hard upon irritated nerves and worn out bodies.

It came to be a common saying, that whenever Aunt Clara invited someone to take a walk with her along the river banks, "There goes Aunt Clara with her healing oil, to pour into the broken hearts."Dear Aunt Clara;

I wish we had thousands of women just like you!

We never know the value of the peacemaker, until she has gone from our midst, and we are left to wonder why it is we have so much more trouble than we used to have.

Aunt Clara and her patients were not the only ones who took walks by the river.

It came to be a common thing for Tom Allen and Ellen Tyler to stroll up and down its winding paths, talking sometimes seriously, sometimes in that quizzical way so common to Tom.

Sweet little hungry heart;

Ellen Tyler was a gentle, loving soul, whose worst fault was a gentle weakness, so admirable in a sheltered woman, so dangerous in a woman thrown at all on her own strength.

Her lessons must be learned, however, as must all of ours.

One day Ellen came home from her walk, unusually pensive and thoughtful.

She waited till after the evening prayers, and then asked Diantha to go with her down by the big cottonwood tree, for she had something to tell her.

Sitting down on the grassy knoll, under the spreading branches, Ellen poured out her heart's confidence.

"You know how much Tom thinks of his religion, DL, in spite of his odd ways.

He is as good a Saint as the best, if he does make light of some things.

I know his heart, for he has shown it to me, and I know he is one of our best men."Dian looked as if she would like to introduce some of her own reflections upon the sincerity of Tom's religious professions, but from the serious tone of her friend's voice, she felt constrained to be as charitable as possible.

So she contented herself with saying:

"Oh, yes, Tom is good enoughs I don't believe he would do anything really dishonorable or bad, for the world.""Oh, Di., he is really and truly a dear, good soul.

I want you to know him better.

For if you do, you will surely love him better."

Again Diantha looked her doubt upon this point; but the dim light of the young moon did not betray her opinion, to her friend, plainly as it was expressed on her mobile face.

"Di..

I am going to tell you something and ask you for your advice.

You know I have great confidence in your judgment.""Better ask Aunt Clara,"said Diantha, afraid to trust her own.

opinion where Tom Allen was concerned.

"No, I want to talk to you. Maybe some day,

I will tell Aunt Clara, too; but just now, I feel like telling you."The girl sat with her hand resting on her cheek, gazing into the clear, starry sky above them.

After a pause, she said, slowly:

"Di., do you believe in dreams and visions?""Why, yes, of course I do;

if they are the right kind, and not brought about by eating too much meat and pie.""Well, I believe that we get many revelations through our dreams, if we only knew how to interpret them."Another pause;

then the girl said softly, "Dian, Tom Allen has had a dream or vision about me."The idea of Tom Allen having anything so serious as a vision, al-

3°6 ANENT STATEHOOD.

most upset Diantha, but she controlled herself and asked her friend:

"What was the nature of it, dearie?""Well, you know he is engaged to Alice, but Tom likes me, too; and you know it is quite possible for him to marry us both at once, if Alice doesn't object, and the Presidency give consent."Another pause.

"What was the vision?"asked Diantha, rather curious now, to know if she had really been mistaken in her estimate of Tom's real character.

"Tom dreamed, or was carried away in vision, and thought he lay upon his bed, very sick and nigh unto death.

As he lay there, pondering upon the past and the future, he said his door opened softly, and, surrounded by a bright light, and accompanied by soft music, Alice and I entered the room, with our arms around each other, and between us we bore a banner, on which was inscribed:

'Polygamy or bust.'Then the dream ended."Diantha looked at the serious face of her friend for one moment, and tried to jump up and get away, but it was no use. Her keen sense of the ridiculous rendered her so weak, with inward laughter, that she sank back upon the earth, and broke forth into peal after peal of ringing, hearty, uproarous laughter.

She fairly screamed at last, the sense of it all so overcame her, that she could hardly control her mirth.

"What on earth is the matter of you girls?"asked Rachel Willis, coming to the front door to see the cause of this violent laughter.

"Nothing, only one of Tom Allen's jokes,"answered Diantha, for Ellen was too offended to say anything at all.

"Why, Dian, don't you think he dreamed that?"she asked, in a hurt, low voice.

"If he did, he dreamed it with his eyes wide open, depend upon that.

Oh, Ellie, Ellie; any one who pretends to be good and who is good to you, can pull the wool over your eyes, you dear little confiding thing."But Ellen felt as if some one had torn from her mind a veil of confidence in things good and true, through this act, small as it seemed, that no one could ever replace.

If things could only be different in this life!

If she had only told Aunt Clara, who would have so measured her judgment that this event would have strengthened her faith, while pointing out the absurdity in a sweet, motherly way.

But to have Tom tell her such a thing;

and that she should believe it, too.

It cut Ellen to the soul, to have her friend laugh so much, as much at her own foolish simplicity as at Tom's foolery.

Oh, it was cruel!

But Diantha could not help laughing.

The ridiculous picture, the banner;

it was too funny! Homespun.

(To be continued.) ANENT STATEHOOD.

An interesting dream which was given to President Geo.

A. Smith many years ago, is now related with pleasure. He told it himself previous to his death, and its fulfillment is easily recognizable.

He dreamed that he saw a train of cars with a beautiful engine attached.

On this train he saw the words, "Statehood for Utah."As he looked he saw men trying to light the engine fires, while others were pushing with all their strength on the train with the hope of moving it.

Their efforts, however, proved futile, as the fires would neither light, nor would the train move.

Repeated efforts were made, but the results were equally vain.

When the train had been left and after a season of rest, it seemed to begin moving of its own accord, the engine fires flashed brightly and presently Brother George A. saw it move along the rails quietly but rapidly into the Union.

Our readers can make their own application of this dream.

C. H.

A GREAT TEMPTATION.

"A wild night, Marcaille,"said the postmistress to the letter carrier, who had just come in.

"Wild, indeed, Mme.

Lefevre,"replied Marcaille; "'twill be bad going to the midnight mass."

As he spoke he shook out his old cloak, all white with snow, while the postmistress sorted the letters.

"There, that is done,"she said.

"But warm yourself before you start out."Marcaille threw down his leather bag, black and shiny in spots, and came close to the roaring stove.

He was a little, wiry, tough-looking man.

His face, browned by sun and wind, was as wrinkled as an old apple.

His nose was a thought too red, his eyes sparkled, his mouth was smiling;

it was a good face that called forth friendly words and cordial hand grasps.

His moustache had a military ferocity, and on his blue blouse, with its red collar, a worn scrap of yellow and green ribbon told all his past: drawn in the draft, seven vears of service, reenlisted, petty officer, wounded at Alma, wounded at Solferino, honorably discharged.

Then Marcaille had been given the place of postman on the Champagnole route four hundred francs a year, pension of one hundred francs, making a total income of five hundred francs.

And for ten years, for five hundred francs, Marcaille made twice a day, morning and evening, his round—Cize, Pillemoine, Le Vaudioux, Chatelneuf, Maisonneuve and

Siane—a circuit of seven leagues, in all weathers.

With his five hundred francs he took care of a wife and four children; the oldest was six.

But Marcaille had acquired the habit of a little "taste,"as he called it.

In every village he had old acquaintances, almost friends.

In every house he found, in exchange for the letter he brought, a glass ol wine, that seemed to put strength into his heart and his legs.

His nose grew a little redder;

it even happened once that he lost a letter, not a very important one, fortunately, but it might have taught him a lesson.

"Here they are, Marcaille,"said Mme.

Lefevre, "two letters for Cize, one for Pillemoine, one for Le

Vaudioux—nothing for Chatelneuf.""That's good, said Marcaille.

That "nothing for Chatelneuf!"spared him a league and a half of rough walking.

"For Siane,"went on Mme.

Lefevre; "pay attention!

A registered letter!""It is not the first."'No, but—''and madame held up a great envelope, bristling with stamps and notices, beside which spread out, like blots of blood, five enormous red seals.

"That's worth caring for,"said Marcaille, laughing.

"Whose is it?""For monsieur, the mayor.""Well, it will go through his hands, never fear.""Not more than through yours,"said madame.

"No, but more of it will stick to his."With this philosophic reflection, Marcaille dropped the letter into his leather bag, which he buckled carefully.

He put on his coat and opened the door.

The cold pinched sharply;

the piercing wind blew up little whirlpools of fine, dry snow.

Marcaille jogged along briskly.

"Hello, Marcaille,"cried suddenly a rough voice.

Marcaille turned.

"A glass ol wine!"said the voice.

"Hum,"grumbled Marcaille to himself.

"Attention, registered letter!"Then aloud:

"I am late now;

no, thank you?"The window of the "Pineapple"public house, which had opened, closed again, and Marcaille, proud of the victory over himself, went whistling out of the village.

It was o'clock, but the night

3o8 A GREAT TEMPTATION.

comes early in winter.

Lights already began to shine out from the scattered houses.

The night darkened over the forest of Siane on the left.

In the branches, the wind whistled with its plaintive or menacing modulations, and its vague accompaniment to Marcaille's whistling.

"This rascally sack,"he grumbled.

"How heavy it is, tonight!

I would have done better after all to stop at the Pineapple.

One glass ot white wine is no killing matter.

Yes, but then when a fellow takes one he takes two, and then away he goes!

Brrr!

I was warmer than this in Africa.

I can't feel my hands at all."Marcaille stopped, put down his bag, and beat vigorously upon his sides with both arms.

He drew in a long breath of icy air and exhaled it with a breath that was much like a sigh, and trudged on again.

Five minutes after, he was at Cize. ringing at the door of the big house of the ironmaster.

"It is Father Marcaille!""Hello, Marcaille!""Have you got some letters?"The children swarmed around him.

He came up the outside steps, and the dancing younsters pulled and pushed him to the door of the drawing room.

There, even, as he let himself be pushed along, Marcaille thought:

"Attention, old fellow, registered letter.

No wine, even this early."Around him were happy voices and bursts of laughter.

"A glass of wine, Marcaille?"said the friendly mistress of the house.

Marcaille gulped down a great sigh.

Then he said, "Thank you, madame, not this evening."This was indeed courage.

To refuse a glass of wine in such weather, when he had still three good leagues up the mountain before him.

How lightly he felt when he proudly resumed his journey.

He felt light, but his bag seemed heavier than ever.

Never had it weighed so upon his shoulders.

"This rascally bag!"he grumbled.

"It is that letter.

What can be in it?

If it should be bank notes, judged by the weight, there should be a fortune.

This rascally bag!"Marcaille stopped.

Decidedly this wouldn't do.

The strap cut into his shoulder;

he took off his cloak, changed it to the other shoulder, and started off again.

But things seemed no better.

The road always seemed less long when he had a glass of wine at the Pineapple or elsewhere.

The cold, which he seldom noticed, made him shiver and groan.

And then the wind whistling through the trees, sounded so doleful in the winter night.

And still grumbling, "The rascally bag!"and whistling at intervals, he went down toward Phillemoine.

Below him stretched the valley, lost in the shadow, dotted here and there with lights, for the night was almost black.

But he knew every village and every house, and in the blackness he recognized far away, the house of the ironmaster, with every window lighted up.

The joyous scene passed again before his eyes—the flaming fire, the cakes on beautiful plates, and the children, dancing around their smiling parents.

"Yes, yes,"murmured Marcaille, "there are some lucky people in the world.

They have money, all they want; and with money, one can do anything.

Just get a little and it's like a snowball, it rolls up bigger and bigger.

Some have all, and others have none.

There they are by the fire, and I out here in the snow.

And what they spend for their amusement tonight, I couldn't earn in a year.

And yet they say God is just?"Why did these ideas come to him?

He had never envied anyone. Why, then, did he stop and gaze fiercely at the lights shining below him?

A GREAT TEMPTATION.

He shook himself together.

"Forward, Marcaille, "he cried;

"forward march."But the wind whistled and moaned in the pine trees like a crying baby, and Marcaille, passing in thought, from the ironmaster's house to his own, saw his four little ones gathered round their mother, by a scanty fire of fagots; he saw them searching in the cupboard for a forgotten bread crust; he saw them going to sleep, all four on the same little, wretched straw mattress.

Oh!

poverty, poverty, it is hard!

And to think, that right here, in his bag "Registered letter!"he thought.

"If it should be bank bills!

Imbecile!

It is for the mayor.

It comes from the prefecture.

It is probably only papers, and they register it and put on those big seals for a grand effect.

Yes, but—if it should be bank bills!"He stopped short, perspiring, his forehead damp, and said suddenly aloud, breaking the sombre silence.

"Well, and what then?

If it should be bank bills, what is that to you?"His face flushed red at the thought that had crossed his mind.

'I haven't drank anything either, he murmured, with a shudder.

He entered Pillemoine.

At the door of a peasant's house he knocked.

A window opened.

"Oh!

It is Marcaille.

Come in!"He went in.

"What ails you?"asked the man.

"You're pale.

Have a glass ot wine.""No, no thanks,"said Marcaille, in a dull voice.

In rebuckling his bag he had felt the registered letter brush the tips of his fingers.

The man had taken a glass;

he held the bottle all ready to pour.

'•No,"repeated Marcaille.

And without another word he hurried out.

The ends of his fingers seemed to burn at the remembrance of the red seals.

Bank bills, many as there were there, how many things one could buy with them!

A good house like the ironmaster's, warm clothes, flannels!

And what dinners!

Rich—with what was in that letter one would be rich.

He began to whistle, but his breath failed him, and he felt his legs tremble beneath him.

Without intending to, without wishing to, he had unbuckled the bag, he had taken out the letter, and in the half light reflected from the snow, he saw, like drops of blood, the five great red seals.

"Am I going mad?"he cried have drunk nothing.

He stood up at his full height, staring at the letter.

"I am an honest man,"he said.

Then he put the letter back in his bag with an angry gesture, and marched on with a measured step, striking with his heel and humming as he used to do in the regiment when the march was long, "one, two;

one, two."The regiment.

Ah, how iar away it was that time!

How poor they seemed to him now, the brave joys of the soldier which had made his heart beat for fourteen years What a fool he was to enlist!

Fighting in the field, hard fare in the camp, suffering in the ambulance.

His medal!

Great things, indeed.

A bit of ribbon on his blouse.

How much better he would have done to start out, like his brother, to seek his fortune.

"It was by this road he went,"thought Marcaille, as he started across the great road to Geneva, whose white length to his right stretched along by the forest of Siane, ''by this road."That long, white road, he had only to travel along it—and he stopped.

"The frontier,"he thought "is quite near.

Ten leagues, what is that?

Taking time to go for the wife and babies, one could be there tomorrow morning.

And once there one is sate.

The mayor is not expecting this letter.

If people missed us tomorrow they would think

3io A GREAT TEMPTATION something had happened to me in the night;

that I had fallen into a hole or something, and that my wife was looking for me.

Suspect me?

Oh, no.

Marcaille is an honest man, an honest man!"The sweat stood on his brow.

Panting, with his eyes fixed on that white line which lost itself in the night he repeated, in a low voice, "An honest man!"His hand slipped under his cloak, unbuckled the leather bag, and trembled as it touched the five red seals.

"Yes; but if I were wrong,"he murmured;

"If there were only papers in it."Quickly he took the letter and felt it carefully to find out its secret.

But the envelope was thick and hard, the paper crackled under his fingers with a dry noise that sounded formidably loud, while the night wind whistled in his ears:

"Thief! thief! thief!""Who said Marcaille was a thief!"he cried with a fierce gesture.

Then seeing that he was alone, he came to himself and fell at the side of the road, crouching, his head in his hands, aud murmuring:

"This is frightful?

But I have drunk nothing."Slowly he reopened the leather bag, and slipped in the letter; slowly he rose; slowly still he crossed the road.

It seemed as if an implacable, invisible hand held him fast to this spot, from which he would have hurried away.

The road to Siane was straight before him;

a half hour more and he should have finished his round, the letter would be given to the mayor* and he would be safe.

"Come, Marcaille."he cried, "on with you!"But no; he remained there motionless on that cursed road that led to the frontier.

And for the third time, carried away by irresistible temptation, he drew from the bag the registered letter, saying;

"I must know what is in it."Very carefully with the point of his knife he raised one corner of the envelope enough to slip in his finger and draw up one of the papers it contained.

The task was a delicate one; he must go slowly, very slowly, in order to tear nothing.

If it were only papers!

The night wind whistled in his ears:

"Thief! thief! thief!"But he did not hear it.

He thought only of one thing, to know what was in that letter.

He had only one fear, of not succeeding or of deceiving himself.

At last he got hold of a corner of the enclosure.

He took a match, lit it, and by its light saw—a bank rote.

It was really bank notes.

His head swam.

The envelope was heavy;

the sum must be enormous.

He was about to tear it open to count it, but again he stopped.

"Let me see, let me see,"he thought; "I need not hurry.

I must plan out everything.

A trifle spoils all sometimes.

I will go home.

I will tell Genevieve that we are going away.

She will begin to ask questions.

She will want to know everything.

Bah!

I will make up a story, I will tell her—but she will not believe me.

Would she consent?

Yes, yes, she must.

To be rich, isn't that above everything?

Are there not hundreds and thousands whom all the world bows down to who began just this way?

Not to be caught that is all.

We will put the babies into the little cart.

By daybreak we will be at the frontier. The gendarmes?

Well don't the gendarmes know me?

Don't they know that Marcaille is an honest man?"He laughed convulsively as he said this, and again he heard the wind whistling in his ears:

"Thief! thief! thief!"He folded the registered letter and instead of replacing it in the leather bag slipped it >nto his pocket.

It was his.

Then with a strident voice he cried out:

"Forward, Marcaille, forward! you are a rich man!"But he had hardly taken a step

A GREAT TEMPTATION.

forward when his voice died in his throat.

Behind him on the road he had just left he heard voices, clear and piercing.

It was like the indistinct murmur of a crowd.

Marcaille shivered.

Was he already suspected?

Had his trouble betrayed him?

Was he pursued?

He listened attentively.

The voices drew nearer, and then he heard distinctly.

"Merry Christmas!

Merry Christmas?"called the women's voices.

"Merry Christmas!"replied the voices of the children.

The bell of the Church at Vaudioux commenced to strike, slowly at first, then louder, calling to the midnight mass the good people of Chatelneuf, of Maisonneuve and of Pillemoine.

Marcaille, trembling with convulsive shivers, mechanically repeated, "Christmas!

Christmas?"Every stroke of the bell sounded in his ears and in his heart, and seemed to buzz in his head.

"Christmas!

Christmas!"he repeated.

Then suddenly he burst into tears and buried his face in his hands.

"Oh misery,"he cried, "I had drunk nothing."Reason came back to him, and with it a realization of his incompleted crime.

And it was no longer only the night wind—it was the voice of his wife and children, it was the pealing of that midnight bell that accused him.

"Christmas?"cried the voices.

''Theft 'replied the sombre depths of the forest.

Terrified, he tried to leave the voices behind him, running faster and still faster.

And then a dizziness seized him.

He knew not why he ran.

Some one was after him, that was all.

But who?

His conscience or the gendarmes, he knew not which.

Where was the danger?

Everywhere.

In the shadows, to the right and to the left, he saw everywhere vague forms which followed him;

the branches bent low over his head like arms to stop him.

Terror at all these strange visions strangled him.

Wildly he ran along, the blood throbbing in his temples; then suddenly fell heavily in a dead faint.

When he came to himself he was lying before the fire in his own room.

Genevieve and the children were kneeling and crying around him.

He did not see them.

The people of Siane, who, coming from their midnight mass had found him, were there also.

He did not see them.

"The letter? the letter?"he cried.

With one bound he sprang to the leather bag which had been thrown on the ground in the corner.

It was empty.

"The letter? the letter?"he cried.

Then he remembered, and drawing from his pocket the big envelope with the five red seals—still unbroken—he rushed out like a madman straight to the mayor's.

"A registered letter!"he cried.

"Oh, indeed,"said the mayor laughing.

"What a stare you are in!

One would think you had come to ask pardon for a condemned criminal.""Well they might,"said Marcaille.

"But take the letter first.

It is a little soiled.

I fell down—I His lie strangled him.

"A drop too much?"said the mayor.

"No, I had drunk nothing,"said Marcaille quietly, "and it is just for that reason that I have brought you my resignation."The mayor had broken the seals, examined the bank notes, and glanced over the accompanying letter.

"Your resignation?"said he.

"Well, I should think so—I can understand that.""Ah! you know "I know you are rich, my good fellow."

ANSWER TO QUESTION.

Was this a joke, or had the mayor in some way looked into his conscience and read the whole story?

Marcaille became pale at the thought.

"Rich?"he murmured.

"Why, yes;

there is no doubt about that.

This letter tells me of the death of your brother, Jean Marcaille, who died at Toulouse, where he resided, on the eighth of this present month.

According to his last wishes, all he possessed has been disposed of by Michael Dulac, notary of that city, who sends to me the amount of twenty-four thousand francs, which I am instructed to turn over to you.""Ah!"said Marcaille, overwhelmed, as he took mechanically, into his hand, the big envelope that the mayor offered him.

"Jean is dead, and I am rich."Then, after a moment of silence, "It makes no difference,"he murmured, so low that the mayor could not hear him;

"I should have been a thief just the same.

Then turning, he added, loud enough this time:

"But I am still an honest man, thank God!""No one ever doubted it, Marcaille,"said the mayor.

"But take my advice and be more careful.

A glass of wine too much goes to your head, and you might fare worse another time.'"You are right, sir,"said Marcaille, and he went off whistling, with his head in the air.

Was Marcaille an honest man?

I should say yes!

C.

C.

ANSWER TO QUESTION.

The following inquiry is made by a reader of The Contributor, which Dr. James E. Talmage kindly answers:

Question:

"On the top of one of the low hills of limestone, west of Sevier Lake, is an opening, about four by eight inches in the rock, out of which comes a warm wind, with moderate force.

The sides of the opening are green with moss, which is covered with beads of water, showing the warm breeze contains moisture.

What process of nature produces this result?

"D.

W.

Woodardr Answer:

"As can best be determined, without a personal inspection of the locality, the occurrence referred to by your correspondent may be explained as follows:

"The small opening in the limestone wall is probably connected with a cavern within the hill.

Caves of such sort are of common occurrence in limestone formations.

They are mostly due to solution and erosion, accomplished by subterranean waters.

Limestone is comparatively readily soluble in waters containing carbon dioxide, and subterranean waters are rarely free from this gas.

Such a cavern, with an external opening, would most assuredly present the phenomenon of an outrushing current, whenever the temperature of the enclosed air is higher than that of the external atmosphere.

If at any time the atmosphere outside is warmer than that of the cavern, the current would be reversed and an in-rush of air would take place.

The air within, is in all probability humid, and a current passing outward and coming in contact with the colder external air, would deposit part of its moisture.

While such an occurrence as that described is interesting, and a study of the same cannot fail to be instructive, the phenomenon is by no means an uncommon one.

It would be interesting to make a careful examination of the region, with a view to ascertaining the extent of the cavern.

James E.

Talmage."The talent of success is nothing more than doing whal you can do well; and doing well whatever you do—without a thought of fame.

"JIM.

"Sarah, I think I'll try and bring back a boy with me when I return from Chicago,"said Silas Hemingway, as he and his wife sat at breakfast one morning in November, 1 88—.

"Them steers '11 bring a good big price, accordin'to the market reports; an'I guess I'll be able to afford his fare from Chicago here.""Well, Silas, if you think you can get a boy that's worth his keep, bring him along.

He'll come in mighty handy to do chores, and he could help you considerable with the farm work.

But, for goodness sake!

don't bring one of them puny, sickly runts we read about in the papers;

for I won't put up with no such."Two weeks from that day "Jim"was installed as a member of the Hemingway household.

''Jim what?'asked Mrs.

Hemingway, when the stranger waif was ushered in by Silas.

"Dunno,"replied that worthy.

"Guess he never had no other name 'cept 'Jim.'Leastways, that's what the superintendent said at the Refuge where I got him."The new comer was a curly headed, strong limbed, robust boy of twelve or thereabouts, and one glance was sufficient to convince Mrs.

Hemingway that Silas had borne well in mind her injunction as to physical qualifications when making his selection.

Jim was installed as "chore"boy next morning, and commenced a routine more monotonous than anything he had ever known before, far more wearisome, he thought, than the restraint of the "Refuge."There, he had the companionship of boys of his own age; here on the farm his only society was the avaricious pair whose drudge he was.

Under such discipline a strong proclivity for all kinds of mischief quickly betrayed itself in his disposition.

Not that the boy was naturally vicious, but the corroding associa- 5 d tions of a childhood whose days were spent mostly in the streets and its nights under the shelter of wharves, in empty hogsheads, or, in the more inclement weather, in some disreputable lodging house with burglars, pickpockets and worse for company—had left their mark upon a nature unusually plastic and susceptible to good or evil influences.

Nor was the household of which Jim now found himself a member oi a kind calculated to furnish him with experiences appreciably brighter and more elevating than those of his past life, ere he became an inmate of the

Refuge.

Farmer Hemingway was one of that large class of men whose whole sole aim and pursuit is the accumulation of riches.

A single dollar was of more value in the eyes of him and his wife than all the literary efforts of an Emerson or a Hugo;

and the symphonies of a Beethoven, the wordless melodies of a Mendelsohn; were not to be compared with the clink of gold against gold, or the crisp rustle of bank notes.

Hard, unremitting toil from early dawn until dark was the daily order of life on the farm.

Holidays were but an empty name to Jim, because he never was permitted to enjoy one.

The cows were to be milked, the milk to be strained, the pigs to be fed, and his numberless other duties were just as pressing on the glorious "Fourth,"Thanksgiving or Christmas as on the rest of the days in the year; and to neglect them meant a beating from the heavy hand of Silas.

Life crept along in this way with the waif and drudge for four years or more, and with the flight of time, an ambition to lead a life more exciting than that of a common chore boytook possession of his mind.

He had learned to read at a night school, in the great city where he was born, and since coming to the farm, he had picked up a few cheap volumes of western adventure, which was his one delight to read up in his room at

3H './//!/."night, after his taskmasters had gone to bed.

These volumes revealed to him the "golden west;"not as it really is, but as the writers saw fit to portray it; and a determination to run away and seek his fortune in the land of gold mines, grizzly bears and painted

Indians, was gradually formed.

Other boys had gone west and become fabulously rich,—so the authors of his books said,—and why shouldn't he?

Thus he pondered one night, as he sat on the side of his hard "shakedown,"his latest literary acqusition lying open on his knees.

As his eye unconsciously turned to it for obliteration of his last remaining doubt, it fell upon the following passage:

"All around them were masses of rotten quartz, with great veins of pure gold showing upon their surface.""Hurrah!"yelled Dick.

"Iguess the old man can cut me off without a dollar now, if he wants too!

We're rich enough, anyhow.

Let the old 'hunks'keep his money."

Jim's imagination was inflamed to fever heat as those of many other misguided boys have been, by a class of sensational literature which yearly works the ruin of hundreds of young people and bring sorrow into many happy homes.

He wavered no longer.

He would go west and find a gold mine, or at least a silver mine, anyway.

And if mines were hard to find, he might have the same luck as the hero in one of his books, and marry a Mexican heiress with countless herds of cattle.

Then a sudden thought chilled his ardor;

he had neither money nor means of transportation, and the scene of his future exploits was a thousand miles away; and, besides, wher he arrived there, he would need weapons with which to defend himself against the savage beasts and still more savage Indians, with which his authors stated the country abounded.

He sat quite still on the edge of his bed for a few minutes, turning the question over in his mind.

Then doing up his scanty belongings into a small bundle—-not forgetting his precious books and a railroad advertisement map—he stole softly down stairs and out into the night.

CHAPTER II.

"Did you hear the news?"asked Sheriff Robinson, as he stepped across Silas Hemingway's threshold early next morning.

"I heerd that I lost that rascally, lazy, no-count, good-for-nothin'boy of mine last night, and that's all the news I want to hear,"growled Silas, not pausing in his attentions to a pile of "buckwheats"on the plate before him.

"Well, Silas, I am sorry to inform you that I have that same rascally, lazy no-'count, good-for-nothin'boy safely locked up in jail over at Marysville, this morning, on a charge of burglary and attempted horse stealing,"remarked the sheriff grimly.

Mrs. Hemingway's knife dropped from her hand to her plate with a resounding clatter.

"I always knew he'd come to somethin'like that,"she said, "I never did see one of them slum brats but what was just as full of wickedness as tho'he'd been christened by the devil.""Who'd he burglarize!"inquired Silas.

"Broke into Matson's hardware store, and stole a gun, Lwo pistols and a lot of ammunition.

Then he went over to Hardy's stable and tried to steal his saddle horse.

Hardy himself happened to be coming home from the depot, and caught him in the stable.

We found the guns and things on him,"explained the sheriff, who had accepted an invitation from Silas to a seat at the breakfast table, and was busily engaged in satisfying the cravings of

"JIM."3i5 an appetite greatly stimulated by his ride in the sharp morning air.

"Well,"remarked Mrs. Hemingway, "I'm glad you come over an'told us about it;

'cause Silas was about to hook up old 'Nell'after breakfast, an'try an'hunt him up.

You've saved him that trouble, anyway.

I hope they'll hang him,"she added viciously.

"I suppose you'll want to go his bail, Silas,"remarked the officer in a jocular tone.

"No sir;"snarled Silas.

"Do you think I'd risk one dollar of mine going bail lor all the inmates of all the Orphan Ayslums and Refuges you could put in Crosby county?

Not much!

I've got better use lor my money.'After a little more discussion of tie subject, the sheriff, having finished his breakfast, took leave of the sordid pair and journeyed back to town.

"Fine team that is,"he muttered, as he rode along.

"I know Silas has been lalsifying his tax returns.

Guess I'll have to talk to the commissioners, and see if we can't squeeze a few more dollars out of the old miser for the benefit of the county charitable institutions."All Marysville, or, rather as much of it as could find standing room, was in the court chamber the next Tuesday morning when the case of the State of L vs. James Doe, was called from the docket.

A trial for burglary and attempted horse stealing, by the same culprit and in the same night, was something altogether out of the usual order in that sleepy country town; and all the curiosity mongers were prepared to take full advantage of such a propitious occasion.

There was a pathetic assumption of bravado in the prisoner's manner as he sat in the dock.

All the influences of his past loveless, neglected existence seemed to urge him to brazen out his shameful condition.

It is probable that there was not a single heart in that crowded court room which really sympathized with him, save that of the aged judge, and the consciousness of this served to maKe him more defiant.

"Do you want a lawyer to defend you?"asked the judge kindly.

"No, sir.

I did it; and I wish you would punish me right away, "replied Jim, all his stoicism deserting him in a flood of tears.

There was a suspicious moisture about the judge's eyes, and an unusual tremor in his voice, as he said:

"My boy, I have learned something of your history in the past few days, and I am very, very sorry for you.

But remember that it is never too late to atone for a fault; and I hope to hear of you having done so some day.

My duty now compels me to sentence you to be confined in the State prison at L.

for the term of three years; and I hope you will come out a better boy."The distance separating the scene of Jim's offense from that of his future punishment was short and the evening of the day of the trial found him robed in the garb of dishonor and occupying a felon's cell.

His early life in the streets, and the harsh treatment he had received at the hands of Silas, had grafted upon him a callousness foreign to his nature.

Life for him so far had been but a monotonous succession of kicks and blows, and hard usage generally, the kicks and blows becoming more severe as he advanced in years and became better able to bear them.

But that first night in prison broke through the crust of his previous experience, and he lay upon his pallet bed and sobbed as though his very heart would break.

At last he fell asleep, worn out by the fierceness of his anguish;

but when he awoke in the morning, the pain still gnawed at his hearc.

From that day his disposition grew gradually worse, until his keepers declared that he was one of the most intractable subjects they

"JIM."had ever had to deal with.

Hardly a week passed in which he did not engage in a fight with a fellow convict;

for which misdemeanors he was confined in a "solitary"cell on a diet of bread and water.

He was of a strength and stature unusual for one of his years; and this, combined with the increasing ferocity of his disposition and his indomitable courage, caused him to be dreaded by many of those who were compelled to associate with him.

Strange as it may seem, one bright spot in his dreary existence was the Sunday service in the prison chapel.

The mellow tones of the organ were a source of never ending delight to him; but dearest of all was the smiling face and sweet voice of the chaplain's little daughter Mary, whose habit it was to sing a simple solo in the prison chapel every Sunday.

He had come to look forward to these Sunday services with almost as much anticipatory delight as that with which he contemplated the time of his release.

The tender chords of the sacred music—the searching melody of the little singer's voice awoke within him emotions to which he had hitherto been a stranger; and he always came away softened, but sad at heart.

One morning while Jim was engaged at his task, the chaplain, leading Mary by the hand, walked through the workshop. They passed quite close to where he was working;

and after they had gone by, his taskmate remarked sneeringly:

"That's the kid as squalls up in the chapel Sundays."Jim's eyes flashed fire;

his hard fist shot out like a battering-ram, and the scoffer measured his length on the floor.

His adversary stood over him a minute, eyeing him like a tigress defending her young, then quietly accompanied the guard who came to lead him away to punishment.

When the first stray sunbeam crept in through his barred window next morning, he was lying on the stone floor, fast asleep.

The key grating harshly in the huge lock awoke him and he sprang quickly to his feet.

A wave of pleasurable confusion swept over him as he saw little Mary standing in the open door.

"How do you do?"she said, extending her hand timidly towards him.

"One of the keepers told me that you were in trouble about me, and I got permission to come and see you."All the innate manliness of the boy's nature forged to the front at this friendly greeting.

He advanced and took the little hand still outstretched towards him with a movement that had nothing of awkwardness in it.

"I thank you for your kindness, Miss Mary,"he said.

"I would fight for you every day in the year.

"Oh, but you must not think of fighting for me any more,"she said, smiling at his earnestness.

"The good Book tells us to love those who despitefully use us.

And I want you to be good,"she added timidly.

"Thank you, Miss Mary, I'll try;

but everything seems to be against a fellow here.""Yes, I know.

But I know, also, that you can be good if you try.

I have watched you in the chapel, and your face works all over when we sing a beautiful hymn."Then she added, extending her hand again "I like you and think you are good now; and I shall always believe in you.""It wouldn't be hard to do right if everybody was like vou, Miss Mary,"he said.

"I imagine Christ died for folks like you.

And I could die for you, too,"he added, with an earnestness that made Mary color.

"Christ died for all of us,"she said gently.

"But papa is waiting to take me for a morning drive, so I cannot stay any longer.

Good-

AN ACROSTIC.

bye!"And with another kindly handshake, she left.

Jim returned to his comrades in the workshop a different boy.

Little Mary's words of genuine kindness, the first he had ever received, had worked a wonderful transformation.

His manner to those about him was more gentle, and his customary scowl gave place to an expression of quiet dignity and hope.

Life had taken on a different aspect and he had awakened to a realization of its brighter possibilities.

"Mary, I want you to go over to the hospital with me."said her father, as he hurriedly entered the parlor.

"Who is it, papa?"she asked, as they walked across the prison yard.

"Your favorite, Jim, my dear, and I am afraid he is badly hurt."The sufferer was lying on a narrow bed in one of the hospital ward, and it was apparent that he had a short time to live.

A fly-wheel in the shop where he worked had broken, and the end of one of the flying pieces had struck him in the breast, making a dreadful wound.

A smile that was beautiful to see drove the agony from his face as she drew near to his side.

"They wanted to give me morphine, Miss Mary; but I knew I had only a few minutes to live, and I wanted to see you and thank you,"he gasped.

Mary was terribly distressed, and I knew not what to do or say.

Instinctivly she knelt at the bedside and besought for the sufferer the mercy of Him in whose infinite compassion she had been taught to believe.

"I am almost happy Miss Mary,"he said, when the simple prayer was ended.

"You see, if I die now, you will always think well of me; but if I had lived I might have done something to make you feel bad."

There was no thought of the harsh existence he was leaving.

His whole soul was centered on the one human being who had shed a little of the light of kindness on his dark surroundings.

The love and compassion of the Father he had heard of, yet never felt.

But he knew that human tenderness was inexpressibly sweet.

Mary sat by his bedside holding his hand, for many minutes, his eyes resting on her face in voiceless reverence.

Suddenly his grasp tightened convulsively.

"I am going now, Miss Mary.

Why couldn't they have been a little kinder?"The hand that held her own quivered for a moment, his eyes cast upon her one last look of gratitude, then closed, and the waif had found a home at last.

Alan Clifford.

AN ACROSTIC.

BrighaM, the pioneer—the leader—the sage, Reigning in the hearts of Saints; thou shalt iive In the annals of the brave, and on thy record

Greatness is stamped for ever.

Heaven guided o'er the desert, through the mountain pass, Armed with righteousness thy courage never shrank.

Mighty the powers arrayed against thy cause:

Yield, from lips, in heart was uttered never.

Onward, thy watchword; Zion thy beacon light:

Union thy maxim;

from thy wisdom thou couldst see

New fields for effort.

And the grey waste in thy prophetic eye.

Gleamed like a gem sparkling for ever.

Lewis Stewart.

f HOW I REACHED ZJON.

THE- CONTRIBUTOR 1'UHLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, March, ii NOBLE CONDUCT.

Some months ago some very bitter feelings were engendered between two prominent men living in Salt Lake City, whom we will designate as Mr.

P. and Mr. A.

Their difficulties were carried into the court, where a fiercely-contested battle was fought, the final result of which has not yet been reached.

These gentlemen do not now speak to each other when they meet, and the greatest animosity exists between them.

Mr.

A., unfortunately, has had family troubles, because of incompatibility of temper;

and without saying whose fault it is that discord runs in the household, it is only known that his wife, at times, considers herself the most abused woman in Utah.

One day Mr. A. and his wife had an unusually severe quarrel, and she vowed vengeance against him.

Knowing the bitterness which existed between her husband and Mr.

P.

she immediately went to the latter with her complaint of the cruelty of her husband, and offered her services to Mr.

P. to avenge his personal wrongs, by her testimony, or influence, in any way he might direct.

A naturally wicked man would rejoice in such an offer; but Mr.

P., who is himself considered by manyresidents of Utah, though unjustly, a bad man, acted the part of a nobleman in this instance, as he has doubtless done in many cases where true manliness has had a chance for exhibition.

When the wife started her abuse of her hearer's enemy, Mr.

P. turned to her calmly with the remark, "Mrs. A., I don't want to hear a word about your family troubles, and I advise you to tell no person of the weaknesses of your husband; but go home and try to be a good wife to him, when, if he has done wrong, he will be sure, sooner or later, to acknowledge that wrong and do you justice."The woman, reproved and crestfallen, took his advice, at least so far as her complaints to him were concerned.

If this course were pursued by all those into whose ears family troubles are poured, and reproofs of so gentle and yet so firm a character were given, gossiping, back-biting and slander, so far as family affairs are concerned, would soon cease in Utah.

This example is commended to the consideration of the Latterday Saints everywhere.

HOW I REACHED ZION.

"Come out of her, O, ye my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and receive not of her plagues."—Rev. xviii.

The first thing that anyone wants to do when he joins the 1 Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, is to gather to Zion.

I partook of the same spirit, and felt that

I would like to go there, too.

When I received the Gospel, I was sixteen years of age.

Being under age, and my parents being prejudiced toward the Mormon people, they would not let me be baptized, and the Elders would not baptize me without their consent. However, I was baptized about six months after receiving the truth.

I was the only one in my family who joined the Church.

When I had been in the Church about a year, emigration money was sent for me to go to Arizona, but my father and mother would not consen

HOW I REACHED ZION.

to my leaving them.

I tried to persuade them to give me their consent, but it was all in vain.

I prayed to the Lord to soften their hearts, but I suppose that He withheld that privilege from me lor some wise purpose.

The Elders wrote to the president of the London conference, asking him if it would be right to send me, he replied that I was not to go without my parents'consent.

About three years after this, I again felt that I would like to gather to Zion;

so I started to save my pocket-money, which amounted to about five shillings per week, and saved about £1 17s 6d.

T heard of a society that were helping poor people to get to Canada.

I thought that if I could get across the water, I might be able to work my way to Salt Lake City.

I went to the office and told them that I wanted to emigrate to Canada, but I never told them where I was going to make my home, as that would have spoilt any chance of help from them.

However, I received £2 10s from them, and had to make up the balance of the ^4, which was £1 10s, besides an extra three shillings and sixpence lor utensils and a bed on board the steamer.

One reason why I wished to get to Zion so soon was, that I wanted to be there at the dedication of the Salt Lake Temple;

the news that reached us being to the effect that the people wanted it finished one year after the laying of the capstone.

After paying the money over to the society who bought my ticket, I had four shillings besides my pocketmoney for that week.

I had not paid my tithing, and I told one of the sisters that I did not see how I could pay it, having so little to carry me across the great country ol America.

She told me that I had better pay it; so I took her advice.

One night, before I left home, I went to see a friend.

When I said good-bye to him, he gave me one sovereign.

I did not ask him for it, nor did I in the least expect it.

It was a testimony to me of the truth of the words of the Prophet Malachi, (iii;

7-11).

I went and said farewell to my former master, and he gave me a little to help me on my journey, and wished me success.

He asked me where I was going.

I told him that I was going to Canada.

He said that he understood I was going to Utah.

I then told him that I was going to Canada first, and then to Utah, by working my way there.

On the 7th of July, 1892, I said good-bye to my father and mother, brothers and sisters, and it was very hard for me to leave them; my mother was nearly broken-hearted and told me not to go, for fear that she and my father would never see me again.

(My father died a year and a half after I left home.

I started on my journey to Liverpool, from where I was to start on the eighth of July, for Canada, en route to Salt Lake City, Utah.

On the eighth I went to the docks, where the Numidian, which was the name of the ship on which I had passage, was being loaded ready for another trip.

When she was ready, the emigrants went on board, and about five o'clock in the evening the vessel steamed down the Mersey and out into the Irish Sea.

My sea-sickness lasted a little more than two days, after which I thoroughly enjoyed my trip upon the water.

Although I was not traveling with Saints, as I had desired, yet, I had a very good time;

there being a good many young people from England on the ship.

After a trip of about thirteen days we landed at Montreal.

When I landed in that town I had about seven dollars in my pocket, and a few thousand miles to go before I reached my destination.

A card was given me by an immigration agent.

These men go on board as soon as a ship from the old coun-

HOW I REACHED Z/ON.

tries arrive, and profess to be able to find work for the immigrants who are new to the country and its ways.

When you get work from them, it is generally at the lowest wages.

I got a position in a boarding house at very low wages;

but I knew I could not get to Zion on the amount received, so I got another place.

I worked after that at a place called Abbotts Corner, upon a farm, and worked there three weeks, when I received two dollars and sixty-one cents.

From the farm I went to Richford, Franklin County, Vermont, where I tried to get work;

but it seemed that work was very hard to find.

At last, tired of walking around,

I was going to get something to eat, when

I heard someone shouting.

I looked back, and the man beckoned to me and said: "Yes, you, come here."I walked back to where he was sitting, and he said to me, "Are you looking for work?""Yes, sir,"I said.

He then eyed me over and said:

"How long have you been over?""I told him that I had reached Bedford about three weeks before.

He asked me what I could do.

I told him that I was willing to do anything.

After a little talk he hired me to work in the foundry.

I had worked there for a good while and had saved a little more than enough to take me to Chicago, when I wanted to go west, so as to get a little nearer to my destination.

I bought a ticket, after which

I had four or five dollars left.

I arrived at Chicago in the middle of the night and stayed in the depot till morning.

I then bought a paper to look over the advertisements, and

I read about an employment agency finding work for men.

I went to one in Canal Street, opposite the Union depot, Chicago, and was charged one dollar for information about work.

He sent me to a grading contractor at La Grange, Ills.

When I arrived at that place I was told that they did not want any more men.

I got work as a laborer, however, on a stone church in course of erection there.

La Grange is a nice little town, there being no saloon in the town, when I was there.

It has a fine park and the streets are kept very clean.

I left there and went to Aurora, Ills.

Not being able to find employment of any kind, I left that place, also, and went to Piano, Ills.

I tried to find work there, too, but could get none.

I left Piano that morning for Chicago.

When I arrived there I went to another employment office.

The men who run the agency told me that they wanted men to go to Wyoming and that if I paid $2.50 I could go too.

I had $2.01 in my pocket at the time and an empty stomach, as I had had no breakfast that morning.

I told the man that I had only $2 left.

He said that if I gave him that I could go, which I did.

I then began to hunt around to see where I could get a dinner for one cent.

While walking down Canal street I saw two men looking in a store window and as I was passing one of them looked hard at me.

I stopped and he said:

"Excuse me, but isn't your name P I said "Yes;

isn't your name W He introduced me to his companion and told me he was going home.

He also told me that he was surprised to see me there.

He was one of the traveling Elders in the London conference.

He asked me what I was doing in Chicago?

I then told him that I was journeying to Zion.

I showed him the ticket I had given to me at the employment office and told him I was trying to get there in time for the dedication of the Temple and that it was the cheapest way that I knew of.

I showed him all the money I had left (one cent) to last me two days.

He informed me that

HOW I REACHED ZION.

he had been quarantined at the harbor for a good many days.

We walked around the city and soon came back to the depot from where they were to start that afternoon.

I felt rather blue when they left me and thought of my own long journey in a strange land.

I left Chicago about 5 o'clock that day, en route to Sheridan, Wyo.

I had a pleasant journey through the States, through fields of maize and wheat, past beautiful houses, gardens and orchards.

At that period of the year everything looked nice and green.

When going through Nebraska the train would pass through fields of maize for miles, and it seemed, in some places, that all the available land was planted with this kind of grain.

Arriving at Crawford, Neb., I found that I was not to go to Sheridan, Wyo., but was told to go to Hill City, South Dakota, and work on the grade there.

I arrived at Hill City, South Dakota, about 5 o'clock that day, in company with some more men, and very glad I was to get there, as I had not had anything to eat that day, except a glass of ice water or two.

However, I got a good meal at the grading camp that night and started to work next morning.

Then I got my first experience with the pick and shovel.

It was very hard on me at first, but I got used to it as I had at everything else I had done.

Next day I was put at a fresh job.

I had to help the teamster dump the rocks.

The reason I was changed was because the man was new at the work and had to have help.

The day before he had turned the cart over a large pole that had been laid at the top of the dump, which was about twenty feet high, and also the mule, so that both mule and cart went over and over down the dump, until the cart, striking a large rock, stopped and left the poor old mule back downwards upon the dump.

I worked awhile there and then it seemed as if I wanted to keep traveling towards Zion.

Another reason why I wanted to be going was because the company 1 was in at the time was not very agreeable to me.

I left there one morning, with a young German for a companion, who was going to San Francisco.

We walked sixty-five miles, to a place named Buffalo Gap, and arrived there very tired and hungry.

We hunted for a bakery, but there was no such place in the whole town but we found that we could get bread at a certain house about half a mile from the town.

When we had got the bread and some meat, we went and sat down behind a fence and ate a hearty supper.

That night I had my first experience of what is known to the "tourist"as the "side-door Pullman,"or another very common name, "Blue Line Sleeper."We had not much money, and were very tired, as we were not used to walking, and our feet were also blistered very badly, although we had had a "tie-pass."We got into the box car and had only got half way to Chadron, a place about sixty miles from Buffalo Gap, South Dakota, when somebody else got into the car, and after awhile they struck a match, and we iound that it was two men that had started from Hill City about the same time we did.

The freight train arrived at Chadron, Neb., about o'clock that night, and before we could get out a man came along with a lantern and set it down in the car and commenced writing on a tablet, and there were four of us trying to hold our breath and stand as close to the side ol the car as possible.

We stayed in the waiting room that night.

Next morning it was raining hard and did not look as if it would quit very soon.

It did, however, about dark.

HOW I REACHED ZION.

I was getting tired of staying in a waiting room, and told my companion that we had better move on and try and get some work;

but with this he did not agree.

He wanted to beat his way to San Francisco, but I told him that I would sooner work and pay my fare if I could.

So I shared up even with him and left.

I had a dollar and five cents for my share.

The morning was dark and gloomy and looked as if there was some more rain coming, but nevertheless I started out with a light heart and a nearly empty pocket, determined to find work if it was to be found.

I had walked about ten miles, asking for work once between there and

Chadron; when it began to rain, I then had eleven miles to go to reach the next station;

the walking was very bad and I very often found myself floundering from one side of the track to the other in my vain attempts to walk between the rails, the rain making it bad for walking.

Just before reaching the next station, Whitney, the rain came down in torrents, and although I had a thick overcoat on, I got wet through before I reached Whitney.

My blanket which I was carrying also got wet through.

I reached the station all right, however, except for a good wetting, and sat for some time by the waiting room fire.

The station agent was very kind to me;

he gave me a pitcher of milk instead of water which I asked for, for which I was very thankful, as I had nothing to eat or drink since I had left Chadron in the morning, and this was about five o'clock.

He told me that he was not allowed to let anyone sleep in the waiting room all night, so that night I slept in an empty box car that was standing on the side track.

Never shall I forget the cold of that night, my blanket, my overcoat and my clothes were damp; my coat

I had for a pillow, and my blanket for a covering.

I could not sleep for the cold.

I shivered all night and the wind howled and whistled through the door and through cracks in the floor of the car.

I wonder that I did not freeze to death.

The next morning I went to the office and sat by the stove.

I was very thankful to be able to get somewhere that

I could get warm.

A friend of the agent's asked me if I had had breakfast.

I told him I had not.

He told me to go to the hotel and get it, which I did. When I had eaten breakfast I went down to the depot, and when I arrived, the train was just coming in from Chadron, Nebraska.

I was expecting to walk from Chadron to Crawford;

but my friend, the agent, gave me a ticket to that place.

The man that gave me the breakfast, promised to get me some work there.

He kept his promise, and I went to work for the chief livery barn in Crawford.

I then worked for the Crawford Tribune, a paper published by a man named Ketchum, and owing to the election not going his way, he could not afford to hire me any longer than the week.

So I had to put my money together, as there was no more work in that town, and make my way toward Zion as best I could.

I paid twelve dollars to go to Cheyenne, Wyo., having only one doilar left with which to buy food and shelter.

I arrived in Cheyenne about twelve o'clock at night, and stayed at the depot t'll morning.

In the morning I bought some breakfast, after which I started out to see if there was any work in that place, but it seemed as if I was not to stay here.

Very nearly every place I went they asked me it I was a Union man, and when I replied that I was not, they would not give me work.

I wandered around Cheyenne for some time, when I found that it was no good staying there to starve.

I then started on my journey afoot, with sixty-five cents in my pocket, thinking that I could catch a train outside of Cheyenne, and so

HOW

I REACHED ZION.

ride some distance.

will here state that there were hardly any tramps at Cheyenne, as they say it is a "hard town."And another thing a genuine tramp does, and that is, they rarely walk above five miles at a time.

Some will not walk, but stay around a watertank for days, till they catch a train, claiming that they can go further in one night, even if they get put off before they reach the next division, than they could in four or five days'walking.

After walking about five miles I came to what had been a depot, but was used now only for a telegraph station.

I here struck a section boss for work; but was told that he had enough men.

I was very hungry, and asked him for something to eat.

He told me that he would sell me some.

But as I did not have very much money, I told him that I would do work for it.

Before the section "boss"had come out I had chopped the pump man some wood.

The man told him and he said to me, "Can you chop wood?""Yes sir,"I replied, "I can do anything.""Well,"said he, "if you will chop one tie for me I will give you your supper."But instead of giving me one tie he gave me two, which I did not mind.

I had chopped one tie and had started on the other, when the foreman's wife called to me to come and get my supper.

I assure you that I did justice to the supper and it was a good thing I did, as I got nothing for two days after that, not even a drink of water.

I had started to work on the olher tie and had got some of it cut up, when I saw the smoke of a locomotive over the hill.

I left the tie and got my blanket and overcoat, which

I had left at the pump house.

When the engine took water at the tank, I got behind the tank.

One of the section men seeing me standing there beckoned me to come.

I then went up to him, and he helped me into an empty box car.

It was very strange for me to do this kind of work and I did not care much about doing it.

But I had hardly any money, could get no work and was out of civilization.

What was I to do?

I had paid my way all I could and so I thought that the best thing that I could do was to face the music.

It was a bitter cold night.

I laid down and tried to sleep and found that I was in an empty coal car, upon the floor of which there was lots of coal dust.

I got up and walked around to keep myself warm.

When the train got to Laramie, Wyo., two men were examining the train, when one of them on one side of the car said "This car is sealed on this side.""Oh, it is all right,"answered the other, "there is nothing in it."The man put his lantern down inside of the car and took the number of the car.

He stood writing for some time, and he either did not see me or did not want to see me.

I stood as close up to the side of the car as I could.

The train had got about sixty miles from Laramie, to a place called

Carbon.

I had counted the stops, as I thought.

I supposed we were nearing Rawlins, the next division from Laramie.

Instead of that, it was the mining camp of Carbon.

Not wanting to be put into the "jug,"I thought that I would get out before I got to Rawlins, and so got myself ready to jump out as the train was going at half speed.

I threw my blanket out and then started to jump after it.

I put my legs out and held on to the car for awhile and then let go.

You should have seen me.

1 rolled and stopped close to the end of the ties.

It was a wonder that I did not go under the wheels, and I did not dare move until the train passed.

I was stunned for the moment;

my face was scratched and peeled, and my wrist

HOW

I REACHED ZION.

was sprained.

As I got up the conductor told me to look out for the train in the rear, and 1 had just got off the track when another train came along.

I saw one of the brakemen of the other train and asked him if I could ride to Rawlins.

"Have you got any 'stuff?'he asked me, meaning money.

I told him I had a little but not much.

So I gave some to him, and he put me into a car loaded with lumber.

After awhile another one came and asked me for some "stuff,"and I had to give him some, and because I had not got enough I gave him my pocket knife.

After awhile I found a place just large enough to sit in, between the side of the car and some lumber.

When I had settled down I pulled some lumber over the top of me and again tried to sleep; but it was so bitter cold that I utterly failed, and had all I could do to keep myself warm.

This was the beginning of my second day without anything to eat or drink.

My hands and feet began to swell and get blue, and I was so hungry and thirsty I did not know what to do.

When I thought I was at Rock Springs I got out, but I was surprised to find that I had again missed my guess.

This time I was farther than I intended to be, and I was at Green River, Wyo.

I got a nickel for holding a man's horse, making in all about fifteen cents that I had.

I got water, and permission to lie down near an engine fire.

I was nearly frozen on one side, while the other was roasting before that fire.

There was a bitter cold wind that night, which blew from the north-east.

The next morning I started to walk to Rock Springs.

I had not gone far out of town when I met the "track walker"from a little station about twelve miles from Green River.

I asked him if he knew of any work I could get.

He told me I could get work at Wilkins.

I arrived at Wilkins tired, hungry and thirsty, and got work.

I could scarcely speak for want of water.

I worked until twelve o'clock before I got anything to eat.

But strange to say I could not eat much at dinner time.

I worked on this section as long as I was permitted to do so.

The men knew before I had worked there long that I was a Mormon.

Some began to jeer me, but I stood up for the Church and people, and most of them liked me better after that.

I have always found that when you stand up for what you believe and stay by it, and try to practice what you preach the people like you the better for it.

There is nothing of which to be ashamed in the Gospel;

there is more to be proud of.

We are the only people who have the Gospel in its fullness, and "woe unto them who teach not the Gospel.""I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation.

Another thing I always did on my journey was to attend to my prayers, and generally got direct answers to them.

As an example I will relate an incident.

When the roadmaster laid me off, I had not long started to work, as I had been laid up with a frozen foot, and was not able to work.

On most of the railroads when they lay a man or men off, they give them what is called a "cent a mile"rate.

All the other men had tried to get that rate:

but as they wanted them to go to work at Rock Springs, they would not give it to them.

I did not see much chance of my getting the rate;

but I prayed to the Lord earnestly to help me to get that rate.

The foreman of the gang knew that I wanted to go to Salt Lake City, as I had told him so.

The morning we were to leave I made up my bundle and started out to walk to Green River.

I had not gone far when the section foreman

MY FIRST MISSION.

and two men overtook me with their car.

At this moment a train came along and the foreman asked me to help them off with the car, which I did.

When the train had gone by I helped them put it on again and was allowed to ride with them to Green River.

When we got to Green River the section foreman went to the superintendent and asked him if he would give me a cent a mile rate.

The superintendent asked him if he was the "boss"at Wilkins?

upon which he answered, "Yes, sir."The superintendent told him that he would give me the rate if he would write out the requisition for it.

That foreman had told me he could not get me a cent a mile rate, but the

Lord answered my prayer to the very letter.

I thanked him for his kindness, and that night I arrived in Ogden.

Next morning about o'clock I arrived in Salt Lake City, upon the 24th day of December, and had a good time that night, and a good Christmas dinner among the Saints of God.

I am not sorry that I had that experience, but thank God for giving me health and strength enough to reach Zion.

I pray that I may always remain true to the Gospel which

I have embraced.

A.

G. Pollard.

MY FIRST MISSION.

Preparatory to my first mission I received the training, from my goodly parents, such as is usually given to children born among the Latter-day Sanits.

My father was but little at home.

My mother took every pains she could to have her children in the way of religious training.

Father, though more of a speaker than a writer, did sometimes write letters of instructions, which have had an influence for good upon the family.

They have had a controlling effect over me since I came into my teens.

Some of these letters addressed to me, which contain choice instructions, and in some instances, prophetic utterances, I think will be appropriate for this article, which will find its way into the hands of young men, and may prove profiitable to them as they have to me.

The first that I shall give was written the day after I was thirteen years old, and was in the form of simple rules, intended as a birthday writing:

"Great Salt Lake.

Jan.

13th, 1853.

"My Son Marion:

"As the manv cares and labors devolving upon me'do and will hinder me from being with you, my feelings of anxious solicitude for you, that while in the course of nature you grow to the state of manhood, you may realize a corresponding moral development, has induced me to write for your consideration and daily practice and application, a few brief rules:

"1st.

Honor your father, and obey him as he honors and obeys the

Lord;

the consequence will be the blessing of God and your father will rest upon you.

"2nd.

That you may be respected among your own associates and elsewhere, always speak the truth and that the spirit of friendship and kindness may ever be extended to you, be diligent to ever cultivate it in yourself.

"3rd.

And that you may be successful in the acquirement of useful knowledge, remember to be studious and observing.

In the presence of those who are older, more experienced and wiser than yourself, be silent, that from them you may learn, unless called upon for what you know; then answer in a modest and respectful manner, for by so-

Ml FIRST MISSION doing, you will derive knowledge from them and secure their respect and esteem.

"4th.

And that you may establish and strengthen in your mind those habits of purity, in your person be always cleanly, and never allow yourself to indulge in any liberties with that which is not your own, however trivial it might be.

Ask for what you need and be content with what is granted;

for by so doing you will establish your reputation for probity and honor, that will secure you the confidence and esteem of the just and good everywhere, and in its time, secure to you as it has to your father, the High and Holy Priesthood, which, with your faithfulness, will constitute you a minister and savior to your fellowmen.

"5th.

And, to attain to all these happy results, you should not only learn the sciences taught in the school^, but there is much else to be learned.

You should learn to pray;

not with studied speech, but to ask your Father in heaven to bless your parents and your brothers and sisters, the Church, together with the Presidency and ministry of the same in all the world, and also to bless you in your studies and duties with whatever you may need.

"If you are diligent to observe these rules, and practice them in your life constantly, you can hope, when you become a man, to take your place among the just and honorable men of the earth, an honor to yourself and parents, and a blessing to the world of mankind.

"That this may be your happy lot, is the prayer of your father, "In the name of Jesus.

i{ Amasa Lyman.'"The following was written to me at San Bernardino, California, in my 1 6th year:

"Sacramento, August 10, 1855.

"Dear Son Mairion:

"Yours of the 25th of July is before me.

I am glad to hear of the health of the family and that William is recovering from his hurt.

I hope this will be an admonition to you all to be more careful.

This leaves me, as I hope it may find you, all well.

I am glad to hear of the progress ol the work on the house.

I hope you will do all you can to help it along.

"Remember Marion that you are getting to an age when you should begin to put on the habits of the man, by learning to take care of our interests in my absence, and feel in so doing that there is a responsibility resting upon you that will increase with your years.

Think much of these matters and be studious to learn those things that will enable you, to extend, as you become older, the sphere ol your usefulness, and if you can learn to bestow the requisite care and attention on home and its interests it will develop in you the capacity for going abroad to labor in the broader field.

"Remember my son that not yours a/one, but the hopes and interests of yourfather s house hang upon you and your conduct in the future.

Let the thought of this infuse the requisite amount of sober thought to rightly temper the inexperience of youth.

"To William and Charles, what I have written to Marion, I wish them and Amasa to receive it as to themselves, and try to be manly in their conduct and kind to each other, as brothers should be, that they may receive a father's blessing and repay a mother's anxiety and care for you.

"Marion, be careful to cultivate kind feelings in the family circle, listening to the advice of your mother who will always advise you for your good.

Be kind to all your brothers and sisters and thus bind them around you in the stong cords of affection and love that are stronger than death.

In this way you will become a savior at home.

M} FIRST MISSION.

"Remember Matilda and her delicate health and fail not to extend to her any attention that may minister to her comfort and health.

"Read this to your mother and all the rest of the family.

I wish them to believe me that they are not forgotten by him who is absent, but daily in my prayers are they borne before His throne, who is able to sup ply, that which shall enable us to conquer the asperities of life, and to enjoy peace within ourselves and our home.

Remember me kindly to all the men about the place—Uncle David, Brother Whitaker, Sterling and wife and Josiah.

"May the Lord bless and preserve you all until we meet again.

"In the bonds of affection and truth, your father, "Amasa Lyman.

''To his son F. M. Lyman.

The following was written to me in my seventeenth year and although there is much in it common place, I will give it all rather than mar it by leaving out a part.

"Great S.

L., June 27th, 1856.

"Dear Marion, San Bernardino, California:

"Your favor of the 1st of June came duly to hand.

I was glad to hear of your health and that of the family.

I was not a little pleased with the evidences of improvement it brought as well as the matter it contained.

I hope this may find you and the family all well as it leaves me.

I hope you and William will have good luck in saving your barley.

Do not be in a hurry to dispose of it.

We may have work for our teams and will require feed.

We shall have to buy if we should not have it of our own, or not be able to use our teams to advantage.

Take all the care of the stock you can to save them.

By next mail let me know how many of our beef steers have been sold and how many are left, if any.

"If there is anything you can do to help Uncle David I hope you will do it.

Be careful not to say or do anything calculated to embitter his life.

Show him the respect due his years.

That will be doing right by him and at the same time strengthen in you the nabit of always doing right to all men whether their conduct shall be free Irom fault or otherwise.

Yours will be right and bring you the reward of righteousness;

be ever mindful of this.

Thus you will ever be able to tread safely in the path of rectitude and virtue and constantly enjoy the bliss of an approving conscience for having done right.

Now, my son, to become established in this the great principle of salvation is or ought to be the ruling motive of your life.

This will'place you beyond the influence ot temptation to do wrong.

When you look for good men you find them more or less thoughtful, and always truthful in all their actions.

Remember the toils and travels of your father and his observance of these principles, by which he has attained to his present position.

In this find your encouragement to always be found on the side of right.

Remember that under the weight ol care and toil your father must sooner or later yield to the influence of these cares and retire from the field of labor in this sphere.

Who then should follow him so properly as my son.

Let the thought of this keep you ever mindful of your duty, and thus save you from the follies cl youth, and in so doing may the Lord bless you is the constant prayer of your affectionate father.

ilAmasa Lyman, senior.

"To F. M.

Lyman.

Fail not to write every mail."The foregoing and others of father's letters received while on a mission will show the anxiety he felt for me and the nature ot the instructions he imparted along through my early life.

Though I did not appre-

MY IIRST MISSION

ciate them then as I have since, nor as I do today, I am satisfied they had a controlling influence upon my lite and have shaped my course.

I commend them to all young men.

I received the office of an Elder under the hands of my father Amasa

M. Lyman in San Bernardino, California, at the time of the Reformation in 1856, when I was 16 years old.

I was thoroughly imbued with the spirit of the Reformation.

The Holy Ghost bore record to my soul that the Gospel as revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith was true.

That, testimony had been in my heart from my infancy.

It then burned deeper into the depths of my soul.

I was very backward about speaking or praying.

The spirit and love of the Gospel abode with me ever after that time.

I rejoiced when my companions somewhat older than me took an active part in the Reformation.

I would have done the same but for my bashfulness.

My time was generally occupied in farming, handling stock and freighting, from the time I was sixteen till I was twenty years of age.

In the spring of 1857, with my father and company, I traveled from San Bernardino to Salt Lake City for the purpose of going to England on my first mission.

I was then seventeen years old.

On the 24th day of July, of that year, I was at the celebration of Pioneer Day in Big Cottonwood Canyon, when word came to President Brigham Young that an army was moving against the Mormons.

The Elders were called home from all missions, and so were the Saints from California and other places.

Instead ot going on my mission to England I was sent back to San Bernardino to marry and to move my father's family to Utah.

We settled first in Cedar City, and later moved to Beaver.

In the fall of 1859 I took my little family, consisting of a wife and daughter, and moved to Farmington,

Davis county, for the purpose of ( To be cultivating my father's farm, while he should go on a mission to England.

By direction of Bishop John W. Hess I was chosen in December to preside over a Young Men's Literary Association.

It was much the same as our Mutual Improvement Association of the present time.

At that time I began to muster courage enough to prav, speak and preside.

It was a splendid experience for me, as the sequel disclosed that President Young had directed I should go to England on a mission the following May 1st, i860.

On January 7th, i860, I was ordained a Seventy in Farmington by John S.

Gleason, and joined the 40th quorum.

Early in March my brother-inlaw, Isaac P.

Carter, moved my family to Beaver, where my mother and my wife's mother lived.

I thought it better to leave them there while I was abroad.

During the remainder of March and April

I took a borrowed ox team into Beaver canyon and worked my way through snow and ice at the crossings of the stream, and hauled out logs of which

I built me a one-roomed log house, about fourteen by fifteen feet square.

I did most of the little carpenter work and finishing that was done upon it.

We felt quite independent when we could move into a house ot our own.

I could only supply my little family with such a shelter. The wife must rustle for a livelihood for herself and two children, for our second daughter was born eight months after my departure.

The 1st of May was the time set for our start from Salt Lake City.

Some of our relatives took me as far as Salt Lake City on my way and the wife accompanied me to that point.

On Monday, the 30th day of April,

President Brigham Young took mv wife and I into the Historian's office and sealed us as husband and wife for time and eternity.

This was our first opportunity to receive this sacred ordinance.

Francis M. Lyman.

continued.)

DOCTOR 6.1. SHORES'OMPLETE ATARRH URE.

BOTH LOCAL AND INTERNAL,.

The only remedy guaranteed to absolutely cure catarrh and completely eradicate the •disease from the blood and System.

PULL SIZE, $1.00; TRIAL SIZE, 25c.

Each full size package contains one full month's local treatment, one full month's supply of Catarrh Healing Balm and one full month's supply of Catarrh,

Blood and Stomach Pills.

If you have anv of the following symptoms, Dr G.

W, Shores'Complete Catan-h Cure will give you Instant relief and completely and permanently cure you.

Is the nose stopped up?

Does your nose discharge?

Is the nose sore and tender?

Is there pain In front of heid?

Do you hawk to clear the throat?

Is your throat drv In the morning?

Do you sleep with your mouth open?

Is your hearing falline?

Do your ears discharge?

Is the wax dry In vour ears?

Do you hear better some days than others?

I« vour he"ri "0"wor=e when vrrn have a coM?

JFor sale by all Druggists, or sent to any adrlress on receipt of price by Dr. G. W. Shores, Salt Lake City, Utah.

If your trouble Is chronic and deep-seated, write Dr.

<J. W. Shores personally for his new symptom list and have your case diagnosed and get his expert advice free.

NOW READY.

The Fourth Edition of the M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 1, is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid, 25 Cents.

Also Twelve Lessons for this year's work of M.

I. A. MANUAL, Part 2.

Price per copy, postpaid, 15 Cents.

FOR SALE BY Jr;e Contributor <5o., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, P. O. BOX 520 and by other Book Dealers.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency and officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

fmjwwjwnnww DAN1BL HARRINGTON, grttflwy & <&immUx-M-'g>aw, CONSTITUTION BUILDING, Opposite Z. O. M.

I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT - HOME - INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes, (Perfect Fit Guaranteed), or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 138 W. South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utad.

The best lamp - chimney word in the world is "Macbeth,"whether English or French or Flemish or Dutch.

But get the shape that is made for your lamp, "pearl top"or "pearl glass."Let us send you the Index.

Geo A Macbeth Co Pittsburgh Pa |\| EW MAMMOTH PoultryGuidefor 1890 Finest book ever published, contains nearly 1W) pages, all printed in colors, plans for best poultry houses, sure remedies and recipes for all diseases, and how to make poultry 'ji'hs.and gardening pay.

Sent post paid for 15c.

Sdri'JohnBauscher, Jr.,box2l Freeport, 111.

BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN H, CANNON, Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

CAVEATS, _ TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, etc.

For Information and free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 361 Broadway. New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents In America.

Every patent taken out by us Is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge In the

Largest circulation of any scientific paper In the world. •-Splendidly illustrated.

No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly. &3.00 a year; $1.50 six months.

Address, MUNN & CO., Publishers, 361 Broadway, New York City.

WORLD'S PIG¥63IffIi IxIJVK.

^Wn6 POWDER Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tartar bak'ng powder.

Highest of all in leavening strength.

Latest United States Government Food Report.

Royal Baking powder Qi,, IN Wall St., I, Y, Itnkm* SYSTEM.

The Through Car Line to all Points North, South, East and West.

THE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Carsi^ Throuoh

Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

S. H. H. Clark OllTer W. Mink E. ElleryAnderson Fred'k B. Coudert John W. Doane RECEIVERS D. E. BURLEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.DICKINSON, X.L.LOMAX, Genera) Mgr.

G.P.4TJL FOR Books, Stationery, Toys, Day and Sunday School and Office ^EIVD TO- A.H.CANNON.Ogden