Advertise in The Contributor.

i CO CD CD PiOo CM b9- c ra?

CO oO UJ o fees to to CO c:

3=- O OS Every Y.flR.IVI.I fl. should have a set of Bound Contributor i

THE

CONTRIBUTOR.

CONTENTS FOR SEPTEMBER, 1896.

PAGB.

Salem V\ itchcraft. V.

[Illustrated] B. F. Cummings, I. H51 lohn Stevens'Courtship. A Tale ot the Buchanan War. XII

Homespun. 657 Reflections Essie Layhew. 666 College Department667 Electricity Directly lrom Coal

Adiantum.

The Kimberly Gold Fields G. E. Carpenter. 674 Current Comment Nephi Anderson. 677 Marriage and Divorce Elijah Farr. 678 How Postage Stamps are Made Choice of an Aim in Life Editorial: The Ability to Write

The Mutual Improvement League The Sandwich Islands Country and Mission. X...

Marvin E. Pack.

69?

sk.

capital, $200,000.

^T^ SURPLUS, $200,000. * WILFORD WOODRUFF, Prbsid*nt.

GEORGE M. CANNON, Cashier, Oldest and I,arjre«t >»v,- Inga Bank In Utah, with Deposit* greater (ban all others combined.

DIRECTORS:

Wilford Woodruff, Pr'eat.

Geo. Q. Cannon, Vice- Prest.

Joseph F.

Smith, Angus M.

Cannon, James Jack, Heber J Grant, George Reynolds, T.

G.

Wehber, H.

B. Clawson, Lorenzo Snow, Frmcis M. Lyman, George M. Cannon, L. John Nuttall, We pay 5 per cent. Interest, compounded Foar time* a year.

Write for any In for.

matlon you desire.

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST CO., 3 a MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.

RICHARD A. MCCURDY, PRESIDENT.

HAS PAID TO MEMBERS OVER $400,000,000.00.

HAS ON HAND OVER $220,000,000.00.

Writes Policies suited to the needs of persons in all circumstances.

For rates or information address or ppply to

WILLIAM M. DOLLIVER, Dis. Manager for Utah, 55, 56, 57 COMMERCIAL BLOCK, SALT LAKE CITY

PROSPECTUS* -FORVOX^XIME} XVII, tributor.

iflTiiwi 1895^6..

We are plpased to nnnonnce the following as some of the leading features

Volume Seventeen of Tiik Contkibdtor.

It is the determination to make lis magazine occupy the front rank in our home literature, and we trust this effort will had encouragement in the liberal patronage of the public,

PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH will instruct and interest our readers with some articles descriptive of

Early Days in the Valley, which will contain reminiscences of his valuable though ofttimes trying experiences as a boy and man in Utah.

JVLy hirst flission, will be the title of some articles from the pen of APOSTLE FRANCIS M. LYMAN, wherein he will give an account of his interesting experience of traveling "without purse or scrip,"and many marvelous incidents connected with his ministry abroad.

APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT will narrate in a series of illustrated articles the incidents of a Visit to the Moquis, made by himself and Apostle Briqham Young.

These papers will portray in a remarkable manner the care and power of God which accompanied these Elders.

The customs of this Indian tribe will also receive attention.

Salem Witchcraft, A succinct historical account of this remarkable feature of New England colonial history;

theories and explanations of its phenomena, offered by leading writers; treatment of the subject from the standpoint of a Latter day Saint, by B. F. CUMMINGS, JR.

ELDER MARVIN E. PACK will prepare a series of illustrated and highly interesting papers on The Sandwich Islands Country and flission.

These articles will give a brief historical account of this group of islands, review some of the customs of the people, and describe the past labors of our missionaries and the present condition of the latter-day work.

Twelve papers will be furnished by ELDER JAMES rL WILLIS m

The Consistencies of Mormonism.

These will be most ably written, and are designed to furnish arguments in favor of the truth for our missionaries and tiiuse who are called to d» Ceiid our walijyriuK.

My School Days at Ann Arbor Will receive treatment by ELDER KICHAKD R.

LYMAN who recently graduated as a civil erjgigeer from this noted Michigan school with high honors.

These ariicles will be illustrated.

College Department The Latter-day Saints'College in Salt Lake City, will be represented by a department which will be supplied with essay- and other articles from students and teachers.

These productions will represent, as far as possible, the actual work of the College and will pass through the hands of the Principal, who will see that everything used is of a high order.

The Musical Department Will be in charge of Professors JOHN J. MoCLELLA.N and WILLARD

DONE.

A graded series of musical compositions, original and selected, will be published, including solos.- duets, quartettes and choruses chosen with special reference to their adaptability to M.I.A. work.

Home composers are earnestly invited o send their productions to the editors of this department.

M.

I. manual, Part III, By MILTON H HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL, committee on compilation.

M.

I. Work, Well Satisfied with Ayer's Hair Vigor.

"Nearly forty years ago, after some weeks of sickness, my liai"turned gray.

I begjajo Using Ayer's JI;iir Vigor, and was so well satislied with the results that I have never tried any other kind of dressing.

It requiresonly in occasional amplication of AYER'S Hair Vigor to keep my hair of good color, to remove dandruff, to heal itching "humors, and prevent the hair from falling out.

1 never hesitate to recommend Ayer's medicines to my friends."—Mrs. H. M. Haigiit,

Avoca, Nebr.

IgOi Prepared by Dr. J. C. Ayet &Uo., Lowell, Mass.

Take Ayer's Sarsaparilla for the Complexion.

A ser ie of articles on practical work in the Associations, bv MILTON H. HARDY and GEORGE H. BRIMHALL.

The Study of Self, A se-les of articles by GEORGE H. BRIMHALL and MILTON H. HAR L>Y.

Association Intelligence In this department will appear all instructive or interesting matter pertaining to M. I. A. work, including answers.to questions, reports, suggestions, etc.

We particularly invite all active workers in the Ass >ciations to assist by their literary contributions in making this department of prime importance.

The Eisteddfod Prize Male Quartette, For which The Contbibtjtor gave a £25.00 cash prize, will appear in this volume of the Magazine.

John Stevens'Courtship, a Tale of the Buchanan War.

is the title of a deeply interesting serial story which will be continued through the whole volume; its author is our versatile and talented friend

SUSA YOUNG GATES (Homespum). whose already published narratives have been of so much interest.

Ideal Hanhood:

Some Suggestions about it.

This will be the title of some articles containing valuable suggestions to our young men who have an ambition to do or be something in the world.

The author is a long resident of Utah, but desires his identity concealed and will consequently write under the nom de plume of SIMPLEX.

Sermons and Writings from the Prophets, by MILTON H. HARDY and GEO.

H. BRIMHALL.

Volume Seventeen will be beautifully illustrated with

Choice Original Engravings, representing scenes and incidents of great value to the progressive student.

subscription Price, $2.00 per Year, Postpaid.

Address THE2 CONTRIBUTOR CO., P. O. Box 620 SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH P-.

S.—P. ease remit hy P.O. Order, registered letter, bank draft or money order.

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2012 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints http://archive.org/details/contributor1711eng

THE CONTRIBUTOR

Vol.

XVII.

SEPTEMBER, 1896.

No.

11.

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

v.

The foregoing account embraces the leading facts and incidents which go to make up that chapter of American colonial history which, more than any other, is replete with the marvelous and horrible.

We now come to the consideration of, and an attempt to account for, its phenomena from the standpoint of a Latter-day Saint.

At that junction in the history and development of the human race, when it was about to throw off its spiritual condition and assume a mortal one;

when its Father had prepared or was preparing this earth as its dwelling place, and when a plan was being perfected for its redemption from the state of sin and degredation it was destined to live in after "appearing upon the earth, Lucifer submitted to the Gods in council, a plan of salvation, which was rejected.

Then came Jesus, who submitted His plan for redeeming and saving the race, which was accepted, and He was appointed to come upon the earth in the meridian of time, and by His personal ministry, introduce His scheme of salvation among the children of men.

He was also chosen and appointed to make the sacrifice on the cross, which should put upon* His plan, its climax, and make it eternally efficacious.

Then Lucifer, filled with jealous rage and disappointed ambition, in vited the spirits, to whom was being presented the privilege of taking mortal bodies upon the earth, to follow him, and under his command to make war upon such of their brethren as chose to support Jesus. About one-third of all the inhabitants of that world of spirits accepted Lucifer's invitation, and war was declared in heaven, a war of fierce and wicked rebellion.

How long the strife had been waged we are not definitely informed;

but at length, Lucifer and his rebellious hosts were cast down out of heaven, and became inhabitants of this earth.

The spirits who had been true in their allegiance to Jesus also came upon the earth in great.numbers and successive generations, being clothed with mortal bodies.

And thus this earth has been populated with two classes of intelligences, who are the offspring of its Creator;

one class having bodies, and the other class being deprived of that privilege.

The war between these two classes has continued ever since the rebellion of Lucifer was inaugurated, which was previous to the appearance of Adam in the garden of Eden, and it is still being waged with unabated rigor.

The weapons used by the combatants are not carnal, though physical results and phenomena often attend the strife.

The objects sought to be accomplished by the fallen angels, may be thus stated:

Lucifer and his hosts, by means of temptations and the exercise of a sinister influence and an evil power, seek to induce

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

the children of men to renounce all faith in and allegiance to Jesus and His teachings, and to repudiate and trample upon His laws.

This course will place human beings who take it, in the power of Lucifer, whose captives and servants they become. The greater the number of his captives and slaves, the greater his glory, from his standpoint.

The misery into which those are plunged, who become the captives of Lucifer, but adds to his exultation;

and thus he prosecutes his warfare, his followers sharing in and being impelled by his sentiments.

On the other hand, the objects sought to be accomplished by that portion of the offspring of Deity, who have received bodies, or which they ought to strive for, are the overcoming of Lucifer, by successfully resisting the temptations he offers, and patiently enduring the trials he inflicts.

By taking this course they will sanctify the bodies that have been given them, and prepare themselves for a glorious resurrection in a sphere which they will have power over evil spirits, rather than the latter over them.

Out of the issues involved in this tremendous conflict, have grown all the law and all the prophets, and all the revelations, instructions and warnings, that God has communicated to man, in all ages of this our world.

In some respects the spirits who live upon the earth in tabernacles of flesh have, or may have, an advantage or ascendency over its rebellious inhabitants who do not have bodies.

This advantage or ascendancy grows out of obedience to the laws of God, the possession of the Holy Priesthood, and the exercise of faith in the Messiah.

But this advantage or ascendancy over evil spirits has been enjoyed by but com paratively few persons during the world's history.

Judging by such means as we have of forming an opinion, the weight of advantage, so far as the warfare during man's mortal life is concerned, seems to be with his adversary.

Speaking of man in general, he cannot see, nor even clearly comprehend, the foe that constantly assails him.

His enemy is concealed in an ambush which he cannot penetrate, and from which fiery darts are constantly sent in showers.

He is wounded, afflicted and tormented, but by whom, or how, or why, he does not understand.

Nor does he know of any defense that will be sufficient, nor of any avenue of escape that will be effectual.

His environments compel him to endure, with such faith and patience as he may, the lot that is thrust upon him.

This is the destiny, from birth to death, of spirits who take tabernacles upon the earth.

We have no information to the effect that this warfare is retaliatory upon the part of man, or that he has power to make reprisals by returning wound for wound, or inflicting suffering for suffering.

He endures the vengeance of his unseen foe, but cannot, so far as we know, retaliate.

.True, he may, by faith in Christ and the exercise of the power of the priesthood, command and rebuke his adversary, and thus baffle or escape from him;

but this can hardly be considered retaliation.

Men in the flesh are enormously outnumbered by their spiritual foes.

Speaking upon this subject, President Wilford Woodruff says, in his autobiographical sketch entitled, "Leaves from My Journal,"page 83:

"I wish here to ask our young friends, as welt as the older ones, the question: Do you ever consider or contemplate anything about the number of evil spirits that occupy the earth, who are at war against God and against all good, and who seek to destroy all the children of men in every age of the world?

"Let us reason together a moment upon this subject.

It may be impossible lor any man, without direct

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

revelation from God, to get to know the exact number, but we may approximate towards it.

"The Lord has said by revelation that Lucifer, an angel in authority, rebelled against God, and drew away one-third part of the hosts of heaven, and he was cast down to the earth, and the heavens wept over him.

"How many were cast out of heaven down to the earth?

We suppose that the inhabitants of heaven here referred to were the spirits begotten of our Father in heaven who were to come down to the earth and take tabernacles.

How many were t!here to come down and take tabernacles?

This, again, may be difficult to tell, yet perhaps we may come near enough for the purpose.

It has generally been conceded that there are about 1,000,000,000 persons on the earth at a time, though the late statistics make out 1,400,000,000 at the present time.

But we will say 1,000,000,000.

It is also said that a generation passes off the earth every thirty-three and one-third years, making three generations in a century, which would be 3,000,000,- 000 in one hundred years.

Multiply this by ten and it will make 30,000,- 000,000 in 1,000 years.

Multiply again by seven and it will make 210,000,000,000 in 7,000 years.

"The argument might be used that when our earth was first peopled there were but two persons on the earth, and alter the flood but eight souls were left alive, but the probability is that during the millennium the inhabitants will increase very fast, as the age of children will be as the age of a tree, and the inhabitants of the earth will not die off as they do now.

"But we will suppose that there were 100,000,000,000 of fallen spirits sent down from heaven to earth, and there are 1,000,000,000 of inhabitants upon the face of the earth today, that would make one hundred evil spirits to every man, woman and child living on the earth; and the whole mission and labor of these spirits is to lead all the children of men to do evil and to effect their destruction.

"Now, I want all our boys and girls to reflect upon this, and to see what danger they are in, and the warfare they have to pass through.

"These one hundred evil spirits to each one ot the children of men seek to lead them into every temptation possible, to use tobacco, smoke, drink whiskey, get drunk, curse, swear, lie, steal, and commit adultery and murder, and do every evil to cut them off from exaltation as far as possible.

"On the other hand, the Spirit of God labors and strives to preserve all the children of men from these evils; and the Lord has given His angels charge concerning us, and they do all they can for our salvation."The foregoing presents, in unusually perspicuous form, the teachings of revelation concerning the great division that took place in heaven, and the spiritual inhabitants of this earth who make war upon those who possess bodies.

The Key to Theology, chapter XII., speaking upon the subject of ''angels and spirits,"says:

"Many spirits of the departed, who are unhappy, linger in lonely wretchedness about the earth, and in the air, and especially about their ancient homesteads, and the places rendered dear to them by the memory of former scenes.

The more wicked of these are the kind spoken of in Scripture as 'foul spirits,''unclean spirits,'spirits who afflict persons in the flesh, and engender various diseases in the human system.

They will sometimes enter human bodies, and will distract them, throw them into fits, cast them into the water, into the fire, etc.

They will trouble them with dreams, nightmare, hysterics, fever, etc.

They will also deform them in body and in features, by convulsions, cramps,

SALEM WITCHCRAF'l.

contortions, etc., and will sometimes compel them to utter blasphemies, horrible curses, and even words of other languages.

If permitted they will often cause death.

Some of these spirits are adulterous, and suggest to the mind all manner of lasciviousness, all kinds of evil thoughts and temptations.

"A person, on looking another in the eye, who is possessed of an evil spirit, will feel a shock—a nervous feeling, which will, as it were, make his hair stand on end;

in short, a shock resembling that produced in a nervous system by the sight of a serpent.

"Some of these foul spirits, when possessing a person, will cause a disagreeable smell about the person thus possessed, which will be plainly manifest to the senses of those about him, even though the person thus afflicted should be washed and change his clothes every few minutes.

"There are, in fact, most awful instances of the spirit of lust, and of bawdy and abominable words and actions, inspired and uttered by persons possessed of such spirits, even though the persons were virtuous and modest so long as they possessed their own agency.

"Some of these spirits cause deafness, others dumbness, etc.

''We can suggest no remedy for these multiplied evils, to which poor human nature is subject, except a good life, while we are in possession of our faculties, prayers and fastings of guod and holy men, and the ministry of those who have power given them to rebuke evil spirits, and cast out devils, in the name of Jesus Christ.

"Among the diversified spirits abroad in the world there are many religious spirits, which are not of God, but which deceive those who have not the keys of the Apostleship and Priesthood, or, in other words, the keys of the science of theology to guide them.

Some of these spirits are manifested in the camp meetings of certain sects, and in nearly all the excitements and confusions in religious meetings falsely called 'revivals.'All the strange ecstacies, swoonings, screamings, shoutings, dancings, jumpings, and a thousand other ridiculous and unseemly manifestations, which neither edify nor instruct, are the fruits of these deceptive spirits.

"We must, however, pity rather than ridicule or dispise the subjects or advrcates of these deceptions.

Many of them are honest, but they have no apostles, nor other officers, nor detect evil, or to keep them from being led by every delusive spirit.

"Real visions, or inspirations, which would edify and instruct, they are taught to deny.

Should Peter or Paul, or an angel from heaven come among them, they would denounce him as an imposter, with the assertion that apostles and angels are no longer needed.

"There is still another class of unholy spirits at work in the world spirits diverse from all these, far more intelligent, and, if possible, still more dangerous.

These are, the spirit of divination, vision, foretelling, familiar spirits.

'Animal Magnetism,''mesmerism,'etc., which reveal many and great truths mixed with the greatest errors, and also display much intelligence, but have not the keys of the science of theology—the Holy Priesthood.

''These spirits generally deny the divinity of Christ, and the great truths of the atonement and the resurrection of the body.

From this source are the revelations of Emmanuel Swedenborg, which also deny the resurrection.

From tnis source, also, are the revelations of Andrew Jackson Davis, of Poughkeepsie, New York, which deny the resurrection and the atonement.

From this source are all the revelations which deny the ordinances of the Gospel, and the keys and gifts of the holy apostleship.

SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

"Last of all, these are they who climb up in some other way besides the door, into the sheepfold;

and who prophesy or work in their own name, and not in the name of Jesus Christ.

"No man can do a miracle in the name and by the authority of Jesus

Christ, except he be a good man, and authorized by him."Numerous quotations and illustrations might be selected irom the Scriptures, ancient and modern, in harmony with and tending to prove the correctness of the teachings presented in "Leaves From My Journal."and the "Key to Theology."Without multiplying quotations and authorities, the following would seem, from the standpoint of a Latter-day Saint, a sufficient explanation of the phenomena comprising the fearful epidemic which forms the subject of this treatise:

Certain persons, all, or nearly all, of whom were young, ignorant and inexperienced, began to give attention to the marvelous and supernatural.

They held meetings, made experiments and sought to obtain manifestations from the unseen world.

Their efforts were wholly of an irreligious character, and were not bent in the direction of God, nor in search of such light and truth as eminate from Him.

Rather these investigations invited the presence and influence of in opposite power.

By placing themselves in this attitude they subjected themselves to the power ot evil spirits.

The latter secured control, to a great extent, of the bodies and minds of the individuals who had so foolishly, not to say wickedly, sought to establish communication with the denizens of darkness.

The girls who were the chief witnesses in the witchcraft prosecutions, were possessed by devils.

Their bodies were afflicted and tormented, their imaginations were excited and distorted and their minds were perverted and corrupted by the demons that had acquired possession of them.

Devils worked and testified through them, and thus spread death and terror throughout the community.

When devils can find a person dwelling in the flesh whom they can make their agent or executive, they can work far more effectively than when they can secure no. such cooperation.

This is one reason for their strong desire to acquire control of some human being.

They were able to obtain control of several persons in Salem village, and in persuance of a plan and conspiracy matured in the infernal ragions, they wrought out the appalling witchcraft tragedy.

The orgie of the demons continued until a merciful God broke the spell that bound the people, and by the light and power of His Spirit brought them to a realization of the awful condition into which they had fallen.

With light came repentance, and with repentance a desire to make such atonement and restitution as were possible.

The occasion was one in which the unseen enemies of men in mortality had an opportunity to wreak, in a new and and astonnding manner, their hatred and vengeance upon those who had refused to join in Lucifer's rebellion.

At least the phenomena were new to that community.

Conditions had been created among the people that gave them this opportnnity.

The people were superstitious, rather than influenced by an enlightened, religious faith, a phase of the situation which was exceedingly favorable for the* operations of evil agencies.

A bitter feud had long divided the community, engendering much evil passions.

A spirit of inquiry into the works and powers of darkness had broken out, and carried away the girls who held meetings and tried experiments under its influence, and they had fallen under the control of the powers of darkness.

On a large scale, carried to great

6 5 6 SALEM WITCHCRAFT.

extremes, the Salem witchcraft epidemic was a development very similar to what the Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have often encountered when traveling as missionaries.

Sometimes a branch of the Church becomes the object of attack by evil powers.

Strife and contention arise.

The minds of members become darkened or otherwise unfavorably affected.

Envy and jealousy are displayed.

Some of their number commit sin.

When such conditions exist, cases of possession by evil spirits may occur, or the evil power may manifest itself by afflicting individuals with sudden or alarming sickness.

Often the innocent suffer with the guilty, until a spirit of repentance comes over the branch, and its members begin to exercise faith in God, and by the power of faith obtain relief.

In this connection the experience of Zion's camp will be recalled, and many Elders will remember illustrations of the principles here suggested, that have occurred on a more or less extensive scale, in the course of their labors.

The present writer is disposed to scout the idea that there were, in Salem Village, any real witches, by which term is here meant persons, male and female, who, by means of a compact with Satan, had acquired power to afflict other persons.

But there is not a vestige of doubt in his mind that evil spirits obtained control of the bodies aud minds of certain persons there, for the purposes and with the results that have been described.

What was said by the witnesses about such compacts having been made, and about Satan and his red book, etc., was uttered under the inspiration of the evil, lying and malicious spirits that seemed to rule the hour, and revel in its sufferings and horrors; which features they sought to augment by frightful and fantastic fictions.

Even after the people had recovered a normal condition of mincb they were unable to explain or account for what had occurred.

This was because their theology was imperfect, erroneous and incomplete, and they did not have among them the Priesthood, with its light, power and discernment.

Whether or not persons possessing the powers attributed by the early New Englanders to witches, exist, or have ever existed on this earth, is a phase of this subject not necessary to be here discussed.

It is apparent, that in the days of Moses, and later ages of the world, great power was exercised by persons who did not worship the true God, and were the enemies of those who did.

This power was evidently from an evil source, and was able to work miracles and perform wonders. What it may have been capable of in the field of so-called witchcraft, is not clearly indicated in the Scriptures, ancient or modern, and in the absence of revelation or authoritative instruction upon such a subject, definite assertions may as well be omitted.

The Saints have been warned that the power opposed to them would resort to various means to afflict and deceive them.

It will even be able to call down fire from heaven.

An acquaintance with the principles of righteousness and a devotion thereto, are the only means of safety.

B. F. Gummings, Jr.

THE END.

Suffering for others strengthens our own powers of endurance; we lose them if we do not exercise them.

The whole moral standard is lowered when it is admitted that anything whatever can possibly be a substitute for simple goodness.

Three things that ruin many—to know little and talk much, to have little and spend much, and to be worth little and presume much.

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

A TALE OF THE BUCHANAN WAR.

XII.

Diantha turned without another word to John, and flying upstairs, she was down in a moment, with her shawl thrown around her shoulders and head.

"Come,"she said breathlessly.

"Where are you going?""Over to Aunt Clara, to ask her what to do.

Brother Tyler is away from home, and Aunt Clara will know better than anyone else what to do."They sped along in the cool, spring evening, not exchanging one word, for both hearts were heavy with the weight of remorse.

Each knew that the word of inspiration had warned each that Ellen was on dangerous ground, and each knew that that word had not been heeded to the extent that it should.

"Oh, for one moment to undo the past, 'was the pitiful tale which each heart was telling its silent listener, the soul.

Aunt Clara's face whitened with a pallor like unto their own when the whole story had been told; but in spite of the sure feeling of catastrophe which assailed all three, Aunt

Clara was too full of hope to allow even her own fears to master her.

"Now, don't go to imagining that

Ellen has runaway, because we can't just now get trace of her.

Everything will turn out all right.

You haven't half looked for her.

She may have gone down with the Harpers instead of the Alfords.

Or, she may have gone out to the farm, for you remember she did not see me or her mother the very last minute.

She bade us good-bye before we went to meeting, for she said she would not wait till we got home, we always stay so long talking, and she wanted to get off.

Now, the thing to do tonight is to find out if she is at the farm.

You see, if the Alfords have not gone, she may have found a chance to go down to the farm over night, thinking she could go on with them in the morning."There was a very faint glimmering of hope in this suggestion, and without saying anything to Ellen's mother, who was a delicate woman and very exciteable, it was arranged that John should get permission from the President for a three days'absence from his duties as night guardsman, and then he should come for both Aunt Clara and Dian in his own light spring wagon with a cover, for Dian would not listen to the others going without her.

She felt so unhappy that she could scarcely bear her own sorrow, and she would have followed them on foot, so great was her anxiety to know the whole truth about her beloved friend.

She sat with her Aunt Clara telling her, now that it was too late, all the things that she knew and suspected of Ellen; of the night of the Christmas ball and of her subsequent determination to give John up entirely for Ellen;

and of how Ellen had avoided her all winter, and how she had not broken through it, for she had thought it was due to a little unnecessary touch of jealously on Ellen's part on account of John.

And of how skillfully Ellen had parried all her questions and all attempts to draw her out.

All this the girl told with streaming eyes, and broken, sobbing breaths.

Her self-reproach and agony was terrible, and Aunt Clara wisely allowed the first flood of her grief to spend itself before she interrupted or tried to calm the excited girl.

At last, however, the elder woman saw a chance to relieve in a measure the unnecessary remorse, and she asked gently:

"Has Ellen ever told you that she was in love with this soldier you speak of?'

6 5 8 JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

"No, no indeed.

The very last time I spoke privately to her, she said almost in so many words that she would give anything in this world if John Stevens would fall in love with her.

But that was way last winter, and without saying one word,

I gave him up from that moment, and I have treated him as coldly as I possibly could.""I think, Diantha, you are taking a great deal more of this on yourself than you have any need of for according to your own words, you have not helped Ellen to do wrong, and if you did once fall into temptation with this wicked soldier, it was but for the once, and innocence does not consist in never sinning, or knowing what temptation is, but it is to resist that which on reflection we know to be wrong.

Ellen understands this quite as well as you, for God knows I have spent many an hour in trying to persuade her to avoid temptation of various kinds.

Ellen is a lovely girl, but she is vain, and consequently weak.

She lacks the selfrespect which helps us to keep our own good opinion of ourselves.

She loved admiration and pleasure so well, always, even as a child, that she would sacrifice anything else on earth for it.""But oh, to think of Ellen gone away, and to such a horrible doom.

It is too awful,"and again the girl broke into a sobbing fit.

It was her first real grief, her first experience of life and its deepest trials.

At that moment John drove up, and the three rode away in the late evening darkness, to visit the

Tyler farm, on the outskirts of the city, and find out if Ellen had been there.

Aunt Clara's surmise was correct;

Ellen had ridden down there, so the old gentleman said who tended the Tyler farm, which lay four miles southeast of the city.

Ellen came there alone, he said, and asked for a drink of milk.

She also took some bread and butter, for she said she expected to be taken up by either the Alfords or the Harpers, and she was going to spend two weeks in Provo, visiting her many friends in that place.

"How did Ellen get here?"inquired John.

"She said she came down as far as the Chase mill with Bishop Sheets, and she walked from there here.

She stayed with me here about an hour, and then seeing a dust outside coming down the main road, she walked over there, carrying her bundle of clothes, and waited for the teams.

I was busy getting up the cows and feeding the stock, and did not think any more about it for about an hour, and when I looked out to the main road for her, she was gone.

I went right out, and happened to meet a team going south, and I asked the driver if the Alfords or the Harpers had gone on that way a little while before, and he said he thought the Harpers were just ahead of him, as they drove out of the city about half an hour before he did.

So of course she has gone down to Provo, and you folks can go home, if you like.

If you want to stay over night, I will rig up some straw ticks, and make you as comfortable as I can."Not even Aunt Clara felt satisfied to go back to the city without learning something definite and sure about their missing girl; and so it was decided to wait over night at the farm house, and to start early in the morning for Provo, and bring back their loved wanderer with them on their return next day.

What conflicting emotions swayed that little party of three as they rode rapidly along the next day towards

Provo.

"John,"said Diantha, for she had chosen to sit by him on the front seat, both to accommodate Aunt Clara, who was stout, and to comfort her own miserable heart, by resting on his great, fortress-like personality.

She was too weak just now to stand alone, as she had done

JOHN STE YENS'CO UR TSHIP.

all her life.

She was discovering that she was a true woman, and she needed someone to lean on in her hour of woe.

"John,"she said, "do you remember when we came home last year from Provo, how we met those soldiers, almost here it was,"and then that brought up the thought all were trying to put away, and Aunt Clara interrupted:

"I wonder where the folks stayed all night!

They couldn't drive clear through to Provo after meeting was out yesterday afternoon.

We didn't think to inquire at the point of the mountain, if they stayed there over night.""I will ask at the Bishop's as we pass through Lehi, if he has seen the Harpers on the road today,"answered John.

Accordingly, they drove up to the Bishop's, in Lehi, and he told them he had seen the Harpers driving along early that morning, but they did not stop over in the settlement.

"Did you notice if they had two or three girls with them?

They have a grown daughter of their own, and Ellen Tyler came down with them.

I was wondering if she sat on the front seat."This was said as indifferently as it was possible, for John did not want to arouse unnecessary suspicion or cause unnecessary talk.

"Well, I can't say that I noticed.

They had the wagon cover tied up at the sides, and there were women or girls inside, for I heard them laughing and singing as they passed by our fence."This was cheering, and John consented, although somewhat reluctantly, to accept the Bishop's kindly invitation to stop and have some dinner, for he realized the women ought to eat, even if it were impossible for him to do so.

It took some time for the worthy Bishop's wife to cook dinner, and she was very anxious to get the best she had, for John Stevens was an old friend, and he had done them many a good turn.

Good as the dinner was, no one but Aunt Clara seemed able to eat anything, although even John drank some of the rich, cold milk which the

Bishop's wife brought up from the springhouse.

It was past three o'clock when they left Lehi, and there were twenty miles to drive to Provo.

But John's team was a fine one, and at seven o'clock in the evening, just at the early spring dusk, as they neared the edge of the bench, overlooking Provo, they all strained with hungry, eager eyes, at the little town stretched along the river bottoms, and each hoped and tried to believe that that the object of their search was sheltered beneath one of those low, friendly roofs.

Diantha told herself that when she got hold of Ellen she would squeeze her and pet her until she would never need the love of another person.

She would never leave her side again, for she would either forsake her own home to live with

Ellen, or she would coax Ellen's sick mother to let her have Ellen to live with her.

And oh, what would she not do to make Ellen happy?

She remembered that Ellen did not like to make beds, nor wash dishes.

Well, she would never have to again, for she would take all that work off Ellen's slender hands.

She did not mind it, and Ellen should never have to do anything she disliked again.

On the other hand, the more experienced head of Aunt Clara was cogitating about the possible future, when they found and brought the dear wanderer home, and she decided that Ellen must take up and faithfully perform some of the disagreeable things which all her life she had slighted and slipped over.

She felt that perhaps she, herseh, had favored Ellen too much, in that she had allowed her to please her-

66o /OHM STEVENS'COCRTSHIP.

self always, and that loo, often at the expense of others'comfort and others'rights.

She saw now that what Ellen needed, was not less affection, but more discipline.

To learn that happiness does not consist in gratification of one's own wishes and desires, but in the cheerful sacrifice of self to the good and comfort of others.

Aunt Clara had become so accustomed to sacrificing herself for those around her, that she began to fear she had not helped those she loved to understand the real joy which lay in such a course.

She resolved again and again that she would take up another line of action with her loved child, who was as dear as if she had been her own offspring John's thoughts were too deep to be discernable on his composed, yet pale face, and he said nothing, unless questioned by the others, but guided his team with a firm and yet gentle hand.

The low door of the Harpers'home opened at John's knock, and the girl Jenny, horself, opened it.

"Ellie Tyler?

Oh no, we haven't seen her.

She said Saturday in meeting that she might come down with us, or she would come with the

Alfords and she has promised to spend one week with me.

I guess she is on the road with the Alfords."

John knew better than that, but he would not set tongues to wagging, and so he said again, in his quiet, yet now wily way.

"Did you see that officer from Camp Floyd as you drove out of the city last night?

I understand he has been attending our meetings.

I wonder if any of those soldiers are really interested in our church?'The girl caught eagerly at the bait he had so skillfully flung.

"Oh yes, I saw him.

He had a spanking team, and he passed us just before we got to Chase's mill.

He was alone, though, and if he was at meeting yesterday I didn't see him.

But I believe he was there Saturday with some more soldiers."

John had caught the door post as she spoke, and he leaned against his arm, as he said slowly, and huskily, still determined to avoid all unnecessary talk:

"We are going to find Ellen, as there is to be a theatre in the Social Hall at the end of the week, and she is needed to take a small part.

We will find her all right, thank you."John got out to the carriage, and in a husky voice he repeated what had been told him, and as neither of the women seemed capable of speech, he said at last:

"I am going up to Bishop Miller's and get a fresh team and drive out to Camp Floyd tonight.

You can both stay at the Bishop's all night, and I will arrange to have you driven home tomorrow.""I shall not stay all night in Provo,"said Diantha harshly, "I will walk if you will not take me, but I am going to Camp Floyd myself this night.""Get in, John,"said Aunt Clara's quiet voice, "and drive on to the Bishop's and get your team.

We will sit out in the carriage, and you needn't say to anyone that we are with you, for I am as anxious as yourself to keep people from talking.

We are both going with you."John was already driving heedlessly down the street for he had neither time nor words to waste.

Not a word was spoken for miles by the three who rode so rapidly along the dusty, rough new road which stretched ghostlike along the barren valley between the tiny settlements in Utah

Valley, and the distant encampment on the other side of the northwestern hills.

As they flew along in the tender, young moonlight, the swift light summer clouds anon parted and then banked up again, thus alternately revealing and concealing the scene about them at each side of the road the great bristling sagebrush which

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

covered the plain rose up like a high dusty hedge.

Here and there a startled rabbit flew over the road, and disappeared in the brush, jumping with huge leaps over the lower sagebushes, and losing himself in the faint moonlight and the distance.

The lake lay before them, and often behind them, like a dark, purple shadow, its quiet ripples untouched by breeze, and unbroken by even a bird.

The dark mountains shut them in, and as they neared the western rim, it seemed as if a wall of impenetrable gloom shut off further progress.

But a narrow defile led through the low hills, and on they sped.

In the distance, the prairie dogs sat up on their tiny homes of clay and howled at the glancing moonbeams.

Near by, a wolf squealed in shrill hunger, or answered his mate's warning cry from the distant foothills.

The cool air grew chill around them, and Aunt Clara drew her own shawl around her, and threw upon Dian's unconscious shoulders the extra shawl she herself had remembered to add to their hasty preparations.

As they neared the dusky group of tents and outer village of Camp Floyd, even John was startled as a voice sung out suddenly:

"Who goes there?"And John saw the gleam of a musket barrel as the sentinel stepped from behind the cedar tree.

"A friend,"John answered, "Harney's the word,"and John thanked his happy fate that he had hit upon the right password, for he knew they had changed it once at least.

The sentinel lowered the musket, and as he approached the carriage Diantha shrunk with a nameless terror of the night and its unknown perils close to John's side.

Without a word, John put out his arm, and drawing her to him, as if to shield her from even the gaze of wicked men, he held her close as he parleyed with the soldier.

"I have important business to present to your commander.

I bear with me the letter and orders of President Brigham Young, endorsed by Governor Cummings.

I must see Colonel Johnston at once."

Diantha knew then that John had prepared himself for this before he left the city, and she bowed her head in shame at all that it implied for her darling Ellen.

"I will leave you Aunt Clara and

Diantha,"he said as he rode on, "at the house of one of our people just at the edge of the village, while

I go and learn what I can from the commander.

You will be perfectly safe, for Brother Hicks has his wife with him, and three grown boys.

Wait here till I come for you.

John lifted Aunt Clara out, and gave the brother who came to the carriage directions to have her get something to eat, for she was nearly worn out with her long and rough ride.

Then he turned to the carriage, and taking Dian in his great strong arms, he lifted her to the ground, and without a word, he led her into the house, and shut the door between them.

He left the carriage at the house, and proceeded on foot to the sleeping encampment.

It was nearly midnight, and everything was dark and silent around the white-tented grounds.

But Colonel Johnston arose at once in answer to the call, and with a slightly disgusted face listened to the story told by John.

"You will find Captain Sherwood in his own quarters, and you are at liberty to put whatever question you choose to him.

He hasn't runaway with any girl, for he has received strict orders on that subject from my own lips.

My officers are gentlemen, and the soldiers are as decent and orderly as common men are in any walk in life.

I can't see on what grounds Governor Cummings interferes with my discipline in this way.''

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

The colonel was intensely annoyed over the whole matter, and evidently a girl more or less was nothing to him.

His rest and his discipline were of more consequence than all the women in the country.

But he could not ignore the request of the territorial executive, and so John was allowed to depart with permission to go where he pleased in the camp, and to secure and take away all the girls or women whom he could find or chose to befriend.

John found his way down to the officers'tents, and as he approached them, he saw the light of a cigar in the front of one of them, and he gave the password, and asked:

"May I inquire if I am near the tent of Captain Sherwood?

I have business of importance with him.""My name is Saxey, "came the answer out of the darkness, and as the cigar was thrown away, the captain threw up the tent door and said:

"Come in, sir, whoever you are.""My name is Stevens, and I am from Salt Lake City.

I have reason to believe that Captain Sherwood has abducted a young girl from our midst, one Ellen Tyler, and as her father is away from home, I have been authorized by the governor and have received permission from your commander to do what I can to recover the young lady.

Where can I find Captain Sherwood?"John felt willing that any of them should know the object of his errand, for he keenly suspected they must all be aware of it anyway.

Saxey stood toying with a small dagger on his low stand, and his kind face expressed something of the anxiety this disclosure had upon him.

It was with a different tone of voice to that used by Colonel Johnston that he replied:

"I have not seen any strange girl around the camp lately, and I am free to confess to you that Sherwood was not here all day yesterday. We only review twice a week, and so the commander did not know of his absence, an absence without leave, I must also confess.

But I do not think there has anything serious happened, my dear Mr.

Stevens.

On the contrary, I hope you will find all your suspicions are in vain.

Captain Sherwood is a gentleman."He winced a little as the familiar form of defense of one's friend slipped from his lips.

I have every reason to believe that if you should find that the young lady you speak of has run away with the captain, he will marry her at once, even if he has not already done so."John Stevens said nothing, but slowly stroked his beard, as he stood impatiently waiting to hunt the gallant captain up, The soldier noted the fiery gleam and glitter in the scintillating grey eyes, and he felt that Sherwood would need all his skill to meet such a foe under any circumstances.

He said no more, however, but silently led the way from his own tent to the door of Captain Sherwood's.

A determined call brought out a sleepy orderly, who told Captain Saxey that Sherwood had been away since yesterday morning, and he did not know anything about him.

Saxey feared this would be the result, but he stood uncertain for a moment.

Then turning to Stevens, he said:

"Come!"and they glided out into the night, leaving the drowsy orderly to return to his broken slumbers.

They passed rapidly out of the outer gate, after giving the night password, and once beyond the chance of being overheard from soldiers within the camp and stragglers within the village, Saxey paused in the high sagebrush around them, and drawing near the tall, shadowy form of his companion, he said distinctly, but softly:

"I believe you are a good man;

I have seen a little of this matter and I did what little I could to avert this

JOHN STEVENS

'CO UR TSHIP.

disaster.

I cannot tell you all I know, it would be dishonorable.

And I want you to promise me one thing, and that is, that no matter what has happened, you will not commit a greater crime to avenge yourself of a wrong.

Murder will not wipe out sin.

And there is hate enough in this Territory as it is.""I am not a common butcher,"said John, gloomily.

"I have nothing further to say.

But there is a small log cabin not far from here, where Sherwood sometimes stays at night.

He started as if to go back to his quarters, and then he turned back, and paused as if to speak.

John waited, but no word came from the trembling lips of the agitated soldier.

John hurried away, too anxious to wait longer, and the Captain again slowly bent his steps in the dim, midnight darkness, to the sleeping village of white tents, and as he passed the outer guard, he murmured:

"Have I done right, or have I done a cowardly thing?"The guard touched his cap, and said:

"I did not understand you sir.""No matter"answered Saxey, as he passed on more rapidly to his tent.

"The girl may yet be saved, or he may be made to marry her,"he muttered as he threw up his own tent door.

John sped away between the high sagebrush and willows which skirted the stream running along south from the camp.

He found himself on the bank at one place and saw that the ditch ran far below in a small gully.

He could hear nothing, nor could he see any signs of human habitation.

He turned his steps in another direction and hurried onward in his zigzag course, straining his eyes in the fading moonlight for sight ot a habitation.

All at once he heard a distant or a smotheied cry.

He stopped at once, and as he could hear nothing further, he fancied he must have been mistaken, or that it was the screetch of some far-away mountain lion.

He turned again in his tracks, and by some instinct ran back to the hidden stream which touched along down in the deep gully.

That scream again, and he was sure it was a woman's voice, and he flew now in the direction in which it had come.

The moon was down now and he could see nothing but shadows and gloom, accustomed as he was to piercing these mountain nights with his keen, far-sighted eyes.

Again and again that scream, and this time, he saw not many rods distant from him, a door flung open, for it threw a stream of light across the brush between him and the cabin.

He ran on jumping occasionally over brush and panting hard as his bounds drew him nearer the source of those piercing screams.

A man's curses, mingled with screams, and then a hideous laugh in a harsh voice that was still a woman's, and John could just see a flying figure bound out from the door and it disappeared down in tne gulley's shadow.

"You she devil,"yelled a man as he flung after the figure flying away in the midnight.

John hesitated a moment whether to follow the two who had ran away, or to make straight for the cabin;

but he chose the latter, and with hasty bounds he was soon at the door with his eyes fixed upon the figure stretched upon the floor.

A moment, and he was beside her, his dear Ellen, trying to stanch the wound in her gaping neck, and calling softly under his breath for her to open her eyes.

He did not hear the heavy steps behind him, but he turned as a pair of black, blazing eyes of Louisiana Liz peeped in the door behind him,

JOHN STE YENS'COOJ? TSHIP.

and he heard the woman howl with wicked laughter.

"You sought your flown bird too late, for the huntsman found her heart, and the keen arrow of hate found her white throat almost as soon. Ha, ha, ha!"John's blood curdled in his veins, and he held the dying girl closer to him as he bent his head over her.

Ellie opened her eyes as she heard

John's voice, and whispered painfully, "Tell mother and father to forgive me,

I am so sorry.

I am—so—sorry.

John never knew how he allowed that sweet life to flicker out, for he felt as if he could arise and grapple with death himself and conquer the the grim destroyer of all this beauty and youth.

"Well, my red-haired friend,"gasped a hoarse voice behind him, "You seem to have served your sweetheart a pretty ghastly trick."John laid the body of his dead dear upon the earthen floor of the hut, and with a spring he was upon his adversary.

But the soldier was too quick for him, and the blow was dodged.

John ran this way and that, but the darkness and the unfamiliarity of the place, rendered it impossible lor him to find the villain who had thus dared to imply that he himself had been guilty of this awful deed.

In a moment, John knew how impossible it would be for him to prove anything, for the soldiers would all be leagued together to deiend each other in their villainy, and from the few words of so good a friend as Saxey, he knew that it would only provoke hostilities and perhaps plunge his whole Territory into war and rob the leaders of their lives, if he added another crime to the one already committed.

His hands twitched, and his throat ached as he entered that dreadful hut, for he felt that he would be justified in the eyes of God and man in taking the life of such a vile reprobate as was this soldier.

Yet, his first duty was to take the body of this unhappy girl home to her bereaved parents, and then he might well leave the question of revenge to

God and the future.

No one saw or molested him as he made his hasty preparation to carry the body away, and he slowly and painfully made his way to the straggling village north of where he stood.

He stepped softly as he neared the village, for he had no mind to wake the inmates of the huts around him.

He had wrapped the body up in a quilt, and now he laid it carefully down just outside the window of the dwelling from whence shown the light that proved to him that the folks were up awaiting him.

He stood a moment, waiting- to pull himself together a little before he met anyone, and then he knocked softly.

Aunt Clara came to the door, and she asked as soon as she saw who it was:

"Have you found her?"John bowed his head;

he could not speak.

"Is she dead or disgraced?"Aunt

Clara never knew why it was she asked such a question, but it broke down the calm of the man before her, and he leaned upon his arm against the doorpost, unable to control his voice.

His body was shaken with a man's rare and awful sobs, and they shook him as with a heavy wind.

Aunt Clara stood gazing at him with glazed eyes of anguish, and she could not speak herself as Diantha followed her and asked "What is it, John; what have you found?

Can't you speak?

Where is Ellen?

Why don't you tell us?

Why don't you bring her here?""Dead or disgraced?"quivered Aunt Clara's lips, as she looked imploringly up into John's averted eyes.

John straightened himself up, and answered with a shiver:

"Both."

JOHN STEVENS'COURTSHIP.

"Where is she, John?"asked Dian in a low voice.

She could not cry; she could scarcely speak.

Such sorrow seemed to dry up her very soul.

John waited a moment to collect himself and then motioned for them to step aside, and he brought and laid his ghastly burden on the low trundle bed.

Aunt Clara broke into a low, pitiful sobbing cry as he unfolded the cloth quilt from the awful spectacle, but she moved hastily, making everything as decent and clean as was possible.

Diantha could not cry or sob.

She shrank from the awful thing, and drew away into a corner of the room, moaning under her breath like an animal which has received a mortal wound.

John had been too dazed to think before, but now a weary sense that he had not done the best thing in thus forcing this shock too soon on these poor women added another pang to what he was already suffering.

He saw that they were undone with much riding, long hours of wakeful anxiety, and the whole tragedy should have been kept from their tender sight for a time at least.

It was done now, and he needed their help and all his own powers of self-control to prepare him for the task before him.

The woman of the house, who had lived among rough elements and who had no such love and anguish as was rending Aunt Clara and Diantha, offered to wash and prepare the body for removal in the morning.

It was not long, and a clean white cloth covered the sweet, sinful, but cleansed face, and they tried to persuade Aunt Clara to go into the other room and lie down on the rude bed on the floor for a few hours.

Diantha said she would sit up, if some one would sit up with her, but both Brother and Sister Hicks insisted that she should lie down if she could not sleep.

Diantha felt as if she would suffocate if she laid down, and Sister Hicks advised her to step out doors a few moments to cool her temples and quiet her nerves.

Aunt Clara motioned to John to take Dian out, and John took the unresisting arm of the girl and they both stepped out on the rude porch of the hut.

She drew back when John would have led her out of the gate, and sinking down upon the step as if utterly overcome, she threw up her hands and clasped them over her head.

John sat down beside her, and putting his strong arm around her, he drew her to his side and she threw herself in his arms with uncontrollable sobs and moans.

This was as John would have it, for he knew she needed to get relief from her overcharged feelings, and he stroked her hair gently as she leaned over his arm, and added his own hot tears to her passionate weeping.

(To be continued.) It is right to be contented with what we have, but never with what we are.

Without content we shall find it almost as difficult to please others as ourselves.

He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.

If wrinkles must be written on our brows, let them not be written upon our hearts.

The spirit should never grow old.

The world looks dark.

Shall men, therefore, be dark, too?

Is it not a manly business to briag it back to light and joy?

The desire to be beloved is ever restless and unsatisfied but the love that flows out upon others is a perpetual wellspring from on high.

REFLECTIONS.

A summer sabbath day;

An ideal, balmy, breezy summer day.

The teeming earth, refreshed by recent showers, Presents enchanting vistas to the gaze,

Of fields of heavy, golden ripening grain,

And tasseled corn, bent gently to the breeze,

And miles of deep-green tinted lucerne fields, With myriad stocks of scented, purple bloom.

The gleaming lake lies placid in the beam

Of ardent, boldly-glancing noonday sun;

While the soft wind Stirs to the gentle ripple of a smile,

The tiny wavelets on her bosom deep.

Near by upon the other hand, The lofty peaks ond craigs of Wasatch rise,

Extending like a chain of sentry's grim,

Into dim distance at the valley's end,

The canyons, deep-indented in their sides,

Whose cooling streams bring verdure to the plains, Or lashed to angry torrents by the storms

Bring drear destruction in their roaring wake, Lie all spread out before my thoughtful gaze,

The living picture of a Master Hand.

Oh, lovely vale of home! place of my birth and childhood, Where, in the tender trust of early youth,

I pictured thee more vast than all the world,

And thought thy towering summits touched the skies;

Though steam realties of adult life

Have swept away the imagery of youth,

I passionately, fondly love thee yet

Within my peaceful home, Which stands aloof from off the beaten track

Of traffic, and the din of city streets,

Away back in the fields of waving green, I dream my dreams, and think my thoughts alone.

I see the roofs Of neighboring farm houses through the trees, And know that those, who love the word of God, Have sought the house oi God, and there give ear To words of comfort, melody and praise;

And, in imagination, see the cup,

The symbol of the dear Redeemer's blood,

Pass hand to hand the congregation through.

I see the man oi God, In humble self- depreciation rise,

Invoking that sweet Spirit on his words,

That he may give ''true bread of life"to all.

How he exhorts to faithfulness and peace, (Jr pours sweet balm into the wounded heart;

Or how, in clarion tones of just reproof,

Denounces sin, and wickedness, and crime,

How his recital of the wrongs of One

Who suffered every gross indignity

For us, that we might have Eternal Life,

That best of all good gifts of God to man,

Cheers on the timid-hearted to the goal,

To make a fresh endeavor to do right.

Oh, God! Oh, God! with weary, aching heart, And aching eyes, by tears of sadness burned, I sit alone; and memory wanders back

Along the vista of the moving years,

To where in youth, and innocence, and love,

I joined my voice with those who praised Thy name, With anthems rolling down cathedral aisles;

Or sat entranced, to hear Thy chosen ones

Unfold the gospel plan of endless life.

And pray to thee, Oh, God, to hear my prayer t Make me content to bravely bear my cross,

To bravely do my duty till the end, Trusting in thee to make salvation sure.

Ah, who am I, Oh, tender, patient Christ, That I should match my cares and woes with Thine?

Help me to murmur not, though thou hast deemed It best to, in a measure, take away,

The usefulness and joys that go with youth.

Help me to trust in thee, dear Lord, and know.

Thou hast my dearest interest at heart.

Help me, dear Lord, to seek not selfish gifts,

But those which benefit my fellow- man.

For this I feel to be the key to gifts,

And faith, and grace, and usefulness on earth.

And favor in the sight of Him who rules,

That our chief aim must be to benefit

And bless mankind, and use our influence

To bring to Him full sheaves of precious souls.

And thou, Oh, God, who reads the hearts of men, Hath seen the thorny, stoney, dreary path

Which I have walked, unaided, sore bereft

Of human love and human sympathy.

And if, in thy unerring providence,

My trials take the shape of sacrifice

Of dearest kindred ties for love of thee,

Oh, bind my sundered heart with bands of faith,

Pour down thy light, that I be not deceived;

And give to me the friendship, warm and true, Of thine anointed ones, that I may feel The less the loss of father, mother, friend.

Essie Layhew*

COLLEGE

DEPARTMENT.

REPRESENTING THE LATTER-DAY SAINTS'COLLEGE, SALT LAKE CITY,

Being a partial reflex of the work done in the chief Theological College of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day SaintsTHE TEACHING OF GRAMMAR.

For many years I have regarded "grammar"as a very unfortunate term unwisely applied;

unfortunate, because derived from the Greek word "gramma,"meaning "a letter;"unwisely applied, because made so often to refer only to the letter of the spoken or written language, and not to its spirit.

This mis-application of the term has misled text- book makers and teachers so much, that our work in grammar has run largely to word-study, without much reference to the living thought.

Now, a word may be considered valuable in any sense, only as it expresses a thought; and the primary object of the study of the word, is to fully comprehend its meaning.

This is the point where our teaching of grammar has largely failed of its object.

We have been studying the word for its own sake, not for the sake of its thought.

When the student has placed a sentence on the diagram, or has submitted it to analysis, his whole attention has been directed to the outer form and substance of the sentence, not to its inner meaning.

If it is urged that he must get the meaning of each word in order to place it aright on the diagram, I answer that this is the very idea to be avoided; he should be trained to analyze the word, if he analyzes it at all, in order to get its meaning.

What has generally been considered the end is the means; what has been regarded as means, is really the end.

The ultimate object of all grammar teaching may be expressed in two divisions:

thought-acquirement and thought-expression.

We study English that we may properly understand what we read and hear, and properly express what we think.

I have purposely omitted mention of the universal aim of all school work, the development of the mind, for that object of the teaching of English is self-evident to you all.

All other ends of grammar teaching are secondary.

The two named above must be constantly kept in view to give proper direction to the work.

There are many ways in which these objects may be missed, and have been missed in the past.

I shall briefly refer to some of these:

First, excessive diagraming, analysis and parsing.

No doubt you can all remember the time in your school experience, when almost the only aim of grammar teaching was this juggling with words, phrases, clauses, and sentences.

He was the class hero who came triumphantly to his teacher with the longest and most intricate sentence, properly dissected and hung upon bars and crosses.

Had he gone deeply into the delicate shades of a word's meaning, noted its beauty and grace, recognized its fitness for the place assigned it in the sentence?

No; he had secured or guessed at enough of its meaning to place it in proper relationship with one or two other words whose meaning he had ''seen through a glass darkly;"but with no word in the sentence had he come face to face.

He was on speaking terms only with the sentence; he had not cultivated its acquaintance.

Imagine, therefore, his awkwardness when asked to construct a sentence like the one he had analyzed.

A certain form of noun, of verb, of pronoun, of adjective, of adverb, he introduced, merely to fill out the diagram.

The thought, if there was any, was left to take care of itself.

Imagine his consternation when asked to write an extended composition.

I feel yet the cold chills I experienced when the terrible innovation was introduced to me.

I

COLLEGE DEPAR TMEAT.

could stand before my teacher and glibly recite relations, and tenses, and cases, and comparisons, but I had not yet learned to think realities.

I was thinking only in symbols.

Words, empty signs of still more empty ideas.

Things to be writhed and tossed, and juggled with, but not to be undrstood and loved because of their inward value.

Bodies without the animating spirit;

corpses of departed thoughts.

What had grammar done for me, what for you?

It had led us to look with disfavor upon the end of all such work, and to use the means for its own sake.

Another mistake was the too early introduction of technical grammar.

Boys and girls of ten years were superficially examining words and phrases, their teachers fondly imagining that they were doing the work well.

Technical grammar is at least as difficult a subject as algebra;

it requires as fully matured a mind as algebra, that its delicate relationships and subtle connections of thought may be mastered.

Again, all power of thonght and close appreciation of beauty was destroyed by undue attention to the symbolic word.

Instead of the mind being rendered strong and independent, filled with the power of concentrated thinking, it was led to a stilted, imitation style of expression, with no adequate reference to ideas or the inner meaning. These are some of the mistakes which have been made all too frequently. How should they be corrected? By thorough thought-acquiring, thought-developing, thoughtexpressing work.

Thorough, thorough, thorough!

Make that word your guide.

Whatever sentence you study, though it consist of but two words, get its innermost meaning.

Do not leave it until its full worth and beauty become apparent.

No sentence is too small for this scrutiny.

I have even heard the sublimest sentences in the language, read with no touch of feeling, by students who had not been trained to this thoroughness of study and treatment.

It is a fault which cries aloud for redress.

Students enter our high schools and colleges, who can no more understand the beauties of pure, sublime English, than they can solve the mysteries of the stars.

They have gazed into the writings of the masters, as a child into the realms of space, with a vague feeling of awe and wonder, but the telescope of thought-appreciation has not been used to bring those works nearer, that they may be studied with an appreciative critic's eye, as the astronomer studies the starry vault.

Hence, the foundation of English work must be laid or re-laid in the high school or college, where the superstructure should be raised.

We must at some future time come to it, that the foundation is laid in the eight grades of the primary school.

I will devote the remainder of my paper to showing how I think this may be done.

This subject should be treated under the two topics named above;

thought-acquirement and thoughtexpression.

Though these must go together in actual work, they will, for convenience, be treated separately here.

The first:

As soon as a child enters school, he should be placed in the way of hearing good thoughts expressed in good language.

The stories and facts related to him should impart ideas to him and encourage the formation ot ideas in his own mind.

Thoughts beget thoughts; ideas are the parents of ideas.

See to it that a good parentage is supplied in the child's mind a good progeny will result;

for like begets like.

When the child learns to read, see to it that he has the best literature adapted to his grade.

The old trash, "I go up,""You go down,""See me run,"which we mouthed over in pur childhood, has been relegated to oblivion, and living thought, clothed in burning

COLLEGE DEPARTMENT.

words, has taken its place.

Advance the reading, step by step, as the child mind advances.

Increase the weight graduallly, and he who lifted the new-born lamb of thought in childhood, will lift the full-grown sheep in manhood.

But, as you advance step by step and grade by grade, see to it that all the thought is mastered.

What means do you have of ascertaining this?

The simple rule that the child knows the idea fully if he can express it clearly in his own language;

not else.

Therefore, question him on every point.

Have him reproduce the thought, turn it over and over, apply perception, apperception, expression.

Only by this means can you be sure he is doing his work well.

You say this is difficult?

Good;

therein is its value.

I ask for no stronger approval.

Now, how should analysis, diagraming, parsing, be applied here?

As scaffolding to help build the house of thought.

How often have we seen men and boys, women and girls devoting precious time to these helps and means, reminding us of a man building an elaborate system of scaffolding for its own sake, with no house in sight.

Teach by induction the truths of etymology and syntax, and let the student formulate his own rules, illustrating them by proper examples.

But teach them by means of living, breathing, stirring sentences, not by forms which the student himself has killed and dissected in the vain hope of finding what is in them.

Make your own detailed application of this principle, for it is a true one, and what is true is always good.

The dead body of a sentence is like the dead body of a man, fit only to be buried from sight.

Let the pupil be trained to use the sentence while its spirit is still present, not after it has departed.

On the second line of work I must enter into much closer detail.

Thought-expression.

I marked out he basis and gave the keynote of this work when I said that the child understands a thought only when he, can express it properly.

The loquacious lisper in the beginners'grade, proud of his growing power of speech, but using it with greater economy than many a wiser one, first claims our attention.

Composition work for him?

By all means.

If he is proud of his power of speech he will gladly use it.

He will hurl back at you your thoughts, remoulded in his young, active mind.

Here you have a tyrant barbarian to deal with, and happy you if you can rule him into form and order while still appearing to be his servant.

You must content yourself with being the power behind the throne.

He is king—you are his prime minister.

Do your work wisely and well, and you will become the sovereign and he your willing, obedient subject.

Does he make a mistake in language?

Do not let it pass uncorrected.

Let it be corrected by him, but make it appear that in so doing he is conferring a favor on you.

See to it that you make no mistake in your use of language; he will gradually acquire your correctness of speech by habit, a most efficient way.

No doubt you have all known teachers to talk for hours on the rules of tyntax, and at every breath violate an important principle of sentence construction, word enunciation, accent, or other propriety of speech.

Their rules become a house of cards which the breath of their own errors sweeps into irretrievable ruin.

Their pupils have acquired from them a habit of incorrect speech which, like a swollen flood, breaks through all restraint of rule.

Would you then avoid the perpetual looking downward upon the incorrect speech of your pupils?

Be sure that you prevent these mistakes by the only possible means, your own absolute infallibility.

Regarding the subjects of the pupil's earliest oral composition work.

These may consist of two elements, what you tell the child and what he

COL I. E (: /:

/>/:/'.

I A'7 ME NT.

himself perceives without your direct assistance.

Your little child is a novelist in embryo.

His memory and imagination are strong, and both are untrammeled by conventionality.

Use these powers well.

The story you tell, whether it be fable, myth, a scrap of history or a bit of biography, will be eagerly received, and by the wonderful power of unfettered generalization which the child possesses, its full value will be appreciated, and its best elements added to and reproduced in proper form.

Therefore, do not stint your story-telling.

Let moral stories be related, but keep their moral in the background, lest its obtrusion on the child nauseate him.

Trust him to discover by his own instinct the lesson intended without his interest in the recital being diminished.

Encourage the child to describe with accuracy the things he perceives in every-day life.

A sort ot rivalry might even be encouraged here, to the betterment of the perceptive and the representative powers of the mind.

Soon the child will begin to write.

Do'not force him to the slow, mechanical drawing of his letters, but let him grasp at once the whole sentence, with its full meaning, and express that meaning in writing before it departs from him.

In this way written composition work may be made to contribute to thought development and expression, instead of retarding it.

By constant repetition of acts of correct writing, spelling and syntax may be mechanically acquired, rules for the first being almost useless, and for the second too advanced to be comprehended by the child.

Other subjects for composition may be introduced, as the child's regular work in geography, arithmetic, history, etc.

Let pictures be presented to the pupil for description or the development of the story-telling faculty.

Occasionally request him to answer the questions in his various lessons, in writing, and read or hand it to you.

Encourage him to write real, not imaginary letters to teacher, classmate, or relative.

Always keep reality and utility in view in this work, that the child may not feel that he is being trifled with or his time wasted.

His reading should keep pace with his writing and his writing with his reading.

These may be properly correlated.

I have already urged that he be given the best possible material for his reading.

When he has finished a selection, let him write an abstract or a description ot it.

Examine this closely and study it for thought and form.

Correct all inaccuracies, or, better, indicate them and insist that the pupil correct them.

Mention and commend the main excellencies, for I may be permitted to say in passing that you owe a duty to the pupil and to yourself to make your criticisms favorable, as well as adverse.

There is a profound truth in Mr.

Allison's statement that frequent contact with an error, even though it be known as an error, leads one unconsciously to imitate it.

(Story of the man and the chaff. ) He who seeks error alone, will naturally acquire error for his reward.

But you should see to it that the child corrects every mistake, that the proper form in spelling and syntax may be the last and most enduring impression on his mind.

Do not let the error stand as a perpetual menace to him; have him correct it, that the true form may be the permanent one.

As you pass the fourth grade, slowly introduce, by induction, the* principles of technical grammar.

Be sure each step is inductive and easy.

As you lead the child into this new field, do not permit him to scrutinize the fences of rule and principle which bound the field, and to miss the thoughts and beauties which form its fruitage.

Do not allow him to become so intent upon the dusty road he follows, as to be oblivious to the landscape which stretches in beautv on either hand.

Let him

ELECTRICITY DIRECTLY FROM COAL.

not learn a rule for its own sake, to repeat it gibly and perhaps violate it in the repetition.

If he shows by its application his understanding of it, he "protests too much"if he is always wishing to repeat it to you.

And so I might go on repeating these trite, homely rules;

but you can think them out if vou understand the principles underlying them.

I have scarcely begun to touch the details of practical work in grammar.

Polonius concluded his parting advice to Laertes in the golden words, 'This above all:

To ihine own self be true;

And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man."

With sincere apologies to Shakespeare, permit me in concluding my advice to you, to paraphrase thus:

"This above all: unto the thought be true;

And it must follow, as the night the day,

Thou canst not then be false to outward form."As the child's thoughts grow, the outward expression will grow to fit them, as the shell the chambered nautilus of Holmes'matchless poem:

"Year after year beheld the silent toil That spread his lustrous coil;

Still, as the spiral grew, He left the last year's dwelling for the new, Stole with soft step its shining archway through, Built up its idle door, Stretched in his last-found home, and knew the old no more. "And we can apostrophize the expanding soul of thought, as Holmes the growing soul of man:

"Build the more stately mansions, O my soul, As the swift seasons roll Leave thy low vaulted past Let each new temple, nobler than the last, Shut thee from heaven with a dome more vast Till thou at length art free, Leaving thine outgrown shell by life's unresting sea!"For human language, the present environment and expression of thought, and of'the soul, "veiled in its mantle of clay,"will be thrown from us when our souls meet one another in the shining transparency of perfect and immortal knowledge:

when we "see as we are seen, and know as we are known."Willard Done.

ELECTRICITY DIRECTLY FROM COAL.

In the most used method of obtaining electricity in large quantities, energy must undergo a number of transformations, i.

e.

it must change from one kind of force to another.

By the combustion of coal heat is first generated;

then this through the agency of steam is changed into mechanical force; and finally the last by running the dynamos produces electricity.

But in this process by far the greater part of the theoretical amount of energy is practically lost—under the best possible conditions of boilers, engines, etc.

, only eighteen per cent.

, and under ordinary circumstances but from two to six per cent, being obtained as electricity.

Then, if the actual amount of energy made available through the complete combustion of a certain weight of coal be denoted by 100, it is plain that the quantity of electricity usually gotten from this is equal to what, with perfect arrangements, ought to be obtained from 6 at the highest.

It is not at all surprising, then, that electrical engineers have long been seeking a method by which the great losses usually suffered in the the transformations above described should be lessened.

This they have expected to do by obtaining the electric energy ''directly from coal."* *It may be well to remark here that it is technically incorrect to say the energy exists in coal, for the act of combustion depends "on the activity of the oxygen molecules alone"(Cooke).

For this reason it will be seen that the omount of electricity produced by the Jacques method is proportional to that of the air (of which twenty-one per cent, is oxygen) supplied.

ELECTRICITY DIRECTL Y FROM

1 '<>.!/.

About two years ago, in a lecture, Professor Ostwald said that when this was accomplished we should find ourselves on the brink of an industrial revolution compared with which the invention of the steam engine sinks into insignificance.

So many fruitless attempts were made, however, that many looked upon the accomplishment of the thing as a dream of the past.

Now the waning hopes have been revived through the declaration of most rel-i able authorities that the problem has been solved by an invention the most remarkable since that of the X Rays—of Dr. W. W. Jacques.

The first written account of the discovery occurred in the Boston Transcrzf>f of May nth under the following heading:

"An Industrial Revolution—The World May be on the Brink of One—Marvelous Discovery of a Boston Scientist for Obtaining Energy from

Coal Direct and in many times the Quantity Now Obtained at the Same

Cost—A Syndicate Said to Have Offered $600,000 for a Six-tenths Interest."We shall quote this account in part:

''In the simplest form of galvanic battery, two pieces of metal, one copper and the other zinc, are immersed in a receptacle of glass or earthenware, partly filled with water, to which a small portion of sulphuric acid has been added.

When the two separate pieces of metal are connected by wire a current of electricity at once begins to be generated.

This is called a cell.

In beginning his researches, Doctor Jacques realized that the thing desired was a cell in which carbon would be oxidized and consumed, not by combustion, as by fire, but at a low temperature.

In every battery, properly so-called, constant deterioration of the electrolyte is inevitable.

Therefore, Dr.

Jacques rejected the battery at the outset.

His electrolyte must not suffer decomposition.

The only thing consumed must be the carbon.

He conceived the idea and this was his great discovery, that the oxygen of the air might be made to combine with the carbon not directly, but through the aid of an intervening electrolvtc, which should carry it and present it to the carbon.

For each electrolyte he selected caustic soda.

"To carry out his conception he took an iron pot which became in itself one of 'the elements'of h\> cell.

Into this he put caustic soda, which, at normal temperature, is a solid.

Applying heat and raising the mass to the moderate temperature of 300 degrees, it fused.

He now had an electrolyte.

Into it he plunged a stick of carbon, and then thrust an iron tube down into the molten mass, almost to the bottom, and through this, by means of a pump, he forced air, which came bubbling up to the surface.

The electrolyte caught and held a part long enough to present it to the surface of the carbon, which immediately accepted and combined with the oxygen that formed a part of the air within its reach.

The result fullv realized expectations.

It was found, the carbon and the pot being connected by wire, that a current oi phenominal volume flowed through it.

And it was also found that, within limits, the amount of that current was proportioned to the volume of air supplied.

Again, it was found that the ebullition produced in the mass by the passage of the air through it had a most beneficial effect in keeping the surface of the carbon free from particles of ash and other impurities, and that it had other advantages as well.

"The experimental cell proves the discovery and illustrates the invention.

For its size it yields a phenominally large volume of current, but its voltage or electrical pressure is slight.

That, however, is a difficulty which electricians overcome easilv.

ELECTRICITY DIRECTLY FROM COAL.

Dr. Jacques provided 100 iron pots, each 12 inches deep and ih inches in diameter.

These were set in ten rows often each and suspended over a grate, the whole being bricked in to retain the heat.

In each of these a suitable amount of caustic soda was put, and this was fused by fire beneath.

Then in each a cylinder of carbon was suspended and the carbon in each pot was connected by a wire with the rim of the next adjoining pot.

Wires leading from the first pot and the last carbon constituted the terminals of the generator.

Reaching down into each pot was an air tube, and these were all so connected above as to take air from a force pump.

The terminals being connected through a series of incandescent lamps, current was generated which caused them to glow, the pump being driven by a motor actuated by a small portion of the current.

Here was a veritable 'generator, doing commercial work.

The time had come for accurate measurements and tests.'"To make these, Professor Ch as.

R. Cross, professor of physics in the

Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the electrical engineering firm of Stone & Webster of Boston, were called in.

What had been ob tained in the way of commercial results was 30 16-candle incandescent lamps glowing at full brilliancy.

It was found that to maintain these lights for hours required the consumption, by oxidation, of about eight pounds of coal.

It was also found that the average pressure was volts and that the average amount of current was 16 amperes.

It was also determined by careful measurements and calculations based thereon, that the electrical energy actually obtained from one pound of carbon consumed in the pots was 82 per cent.* of the theoretical.

The expert's report says:

'It is, per- *A later report gives 94 per cent.

Expert electricians give from 85 to 90 per cent.

haps, fair to say that we may expect the carbon electric generation tc yield ten times as much electricity per pound of carbon as does a good average steam dpnamo plant.'"The description of the invention which we have just quoted is that of the experimental, unelaborated apparatus. We shall add a few points.

It is very essential that the iron composing the pot shall be as free as possible from impurities.

Steel or iron containing much carbon is not to be used, for then the caustic soda would act upon it, whereas it has no effect whatever upon pure iron.

The tube through which the air is carried must, of course, consist also of some substance not acted upon by the electrolyte.

In the patent diagram of the Jacques cell this tube is represented as running down one side of the vessel nearly to the bottom, then turning in, and ending in a "rose."The object of the "rose"is to break the air up into numerous fine sprays, so as to distribute it evenly through the electrolyte, and to keep a uniform heat throughout the mass.

The air that escapes to the surface act?

beneficially hot only in removing ash particles, etc.

, but also by causing an agitation there of the molten caustic and thereby imprisoning more air.

The pot is insulated and bricked in.

If Professor Jacques'discovery be what is claimed for it, and with the assurance of so many eminent men there can be little doubt of it, it is certainly one of vast moment to the human family.

Of course, som must be deducted from the high per cent of efficiency given by the experts, because they did not figure in the coal used in heating the vessels.

But even making liberal allowance for this, we still have a truly wonderful result, especially when comparisons are made with the result?

obtained from ordinary "plants."As might have been predicted, many wild and unwarranted speculations regarding the outcome of the invention have been indulged in.

6 74 Till-: KIMBERLY DIAMOND FIELDS.

Certain it is, however, that if expectations are even somewhere nearly realized, there will, indeed, be a great industrial revolution;

and it claimed has resulted from the introduction of the telegraph and telephone.

But now that the scientific world has been aroused to the subject, has been suggested that there will be. we may well await developments.

a beneficial moral effect, such as is Adiantum.

THE KIMBERLY DIAMOND FIELDS.

No one visiting Cape colony on business or pleasure bent, feels he has done his duty, unless he visits the famous diamond fields, situated about five hundred miles from Cape Town on the north bank of the Orange River.

The scene at the railway depot, Cape Town, every evening, is a very animated one, more so when an European

Mail steamer has arrived;

then perhaps a more cosmopolitan crowd could not be found at any spot in the universe.

There are representatives from every country on earth.

A big Californian over yonder is probably speculating when civilization will reach the southern hemisphere in the form of Pullman cars.

You get a prod in the back and hear a smothered voice from behind two armfuls of parcels say, "Peg parding, mine friendt."Another Israelite bound for the New Jerusalem.

Here a sturdy German; there a son of La Belle France, keeping up his national reputation, judging from the interest he is creating in the breast of a buxom, English ex-barmaid.

Dudes, soldiers, sailors, Boers, niggers, coolies, all are there—either going out on the train or loafing around to kill time.

At last the bell rings all aboard, and you scramble into your compartment and are locked in (I guess that is done to prohibit the passengers from alighting and walking into Kimberly to let them know the train is coming).

If you are caged up with only one intoxicated individual, you may feel lucky, as such incidents seem to be more often the rule than the exception.

The railroads in South Africa are run by the government, and are passing'fair, considering the difficulties that had to be overcome.

Apart from heavy grades and skillful engineering, there were the Boers; they wouldn't hear of it.

Hadn't their fathers ridden in oxwagons?

Why couldn't they?

The traders and transport riders (freighters) promptly sat down upon the whole scheme; and as they are an influential body of men at the polls, it looked for a time as though Cape

Colony was to be denied steam transportation.

Eventually progress triumphed, as two trunk lines now testify.

The cars are built on the old conservative, European plan—in compartments—with the improvement, however, of having the padded back of the seats on hinges, so by slipping out a catch, a top berth may be improvised, provided that there are only four persons in the compartment.

South Africa scenery, with a few exceptions, can be summed up as consisting of Karroo bush, copjes and boulders; boulders, copjes and Karroo bush, with a few mournful looking sheep, angora bucks, ostriches and red-blanketed Kaffirs thrown in to relieve the intense monotony.

Kimberly, as I first saw it, seemed to have been built late one night at the end of the week, and then in a hurry.

As lumber is a scarce article, the majority of houses were composed of sheets of galvanized iron, roof and all being manufactured of the same article.

When it is

THE KIMBERL Y DIAMOND FIELDS.

in the shade and the gay and festive fly goes on the war-path, aided by his effective allies, the retiring tick, the inquisitive sand flea, et al., life in Kimberly is hardly a bed of roses.

But genus homo will undertake all kinds of risks and discomforts, providing sheckles play a prominent part in the transaction.

No sane man would cheerfully accept Kimberley as a pleasure resort, A visit to the Fields proper is an experience never to be forgotten.

The old-time individual claim holders are a thing of the romantic past.

The claims are all now owned by a syndicate under the title of the DeBeers Diamond and Mining company, with Cecil Rhodes, Cape Colony's ex-premier as president; Barney Barnato as one of the largest shareholders and Mr.

Williams, a Californian, as general manager, who incidentally receives a salary of 15,000 pounds a year.

To him is due the credit of making the mines what thay are today.

Before he took the reins the American shaft and tunneling system had not been successfully introduced:

in fact "the blue"(diamondferous clay) was taken bodily out of the largest pick and shovel hole on earth (some 2,000 feet by deep.) The reef would cave in at most inopportune moments.

Consequently the loss of human life was appaling, ready made coffins being always kept in stock in wholesale lots.

As long as only niggers were pulverized there was no unseemly agitation.

But a fifty-ton rock on a down grade is no discriminator of persons and things began to look as though perchance the supply of white bosses might eventually run out.

Under Mr.

Williams'regime this terrible death trap was practically abandoned;

shafts were sunk and tunnelling a 1'American was instituted as a mode of getting at the "blue."

To visit the mines it is necessary to get a permit signed by either the manager or secretary of the company.

This being obtained as a great favor you are handed over to the tender mercies of a minor official, who in my instance was accompanied by another socially inclined gentleman—presumably to frustrate any attempt on our part of bodily carrying off the mine.

After partaking of the inevitable cup of Boer coffee, we donned rubber habiliments that would make Dusty Rhodes or Weary Walker blush to contemplate and then stepped like lambs to the slaughter into overhead inclined trolley baskets, breathed a mental prayer and dropped diagonally into the crater-like abyss.

This proceeding, however, is but a forerunner of sensations.

The hair-raising part of the proceedings is yet to come;

you say good-bye to home and country dear and proceed to descend a shaft via a dripping- wet, uncertain ladder into the veritable bowels of the earth, from one level to another for some 500 feet.

As you reach a level and rest you imagine you are in Dante's Inferno; lights flicker here and there;

hundreds of Kaffirs, Basutos, Pondos, and representatives of the numerous South African tribes, naked as on their natal day, their black bodies glistening in the lantern light, work like furies urged on by their white bosses, who get a commission on the number of loads delivered on the floors, and are not above using two feet of fuse as a gentle persuader to further efforts.

The odor arising from their black bodies nauseates the senses, and as no son of Ham can work without chanting, yelling and grunting, pandemonium reigns supreme (I've heard that phrase before.) Half fainting you beg for a glimpse once more of even Kimberley's brassy sky.

You are assisted, this time, to the elevators and are whirled upward;

but before you reach the top it stops and all hands are searched thoroughly in a manner that would make a police court jailor blush with mortification.

If a luck-

THE KIMBERLY DIAMOND FIELDS, less nigger is suspected of swallowing a stone he is administered an emetic; and interested parties sit down to bet on the result.

On arriving at the top the niggers are marched to their respective compounds (a town of huts for each tribe) which are enclosed and guarded from the outside world by armed men.

A fine strong wire netting extends over the compounds for some distance around the outside edges, which effectually prohibits any son of Ham from throwing a stone at an accomplice, or shooing a chicken over the fence, after previously inserting a diamond into its gullet.

Each nigger employed has to serve not less than three months.

Upon his giving notice to quit he is confined for a few days in solitude, with his hands encased in padlocked stiff leather mitts so that any stone concealed in a tumor or about his anatomy cannot be removed, and will cause inflamation, thus discover itself.

There are some 7,000 blacks in their respective compounds, all employes of this company, which further provides work for some 1,500 white hands together with a couple of hundred detectives, who are scattered throughout the colony and adjacent territory, to run down wouldbe I D B's (Illicit Diamond Buyers) Notwithstanding all precautions, however, one of the sorters informed me that a conservative estimate of the diamonds stolen and disposed of in Natal—where the law cannot touch an I D B—foots up close upon $100,000 per annum.

Pages could be filled with the cunning and brainy methods resorted to by would-be Monte Cristos, whose penalty when caught is ten years penal servitude in the colonial jails, working on the Cape Town breakwater, side by side with the black criminal aggregation.

Notwithstanding the risk, however, it is an open secret that a great many now prominent men in the Colony made their pile by such means.

The "blue"on being brought to the surface, is exposed on lumber floors that have an area not of feet but miles, being enclosed and like the compound guarded night and day by armed sentinels.

This exposure to the elements goes on for several months, when the ore is crushed it is taken to the pulsators, that wash the diamonds, garnets, pebbles, etc.

in the reservoirs; thence they are removed to the finding room, the sheep being picked from the goats by white men:

then the smaller stones are sorted by some one hundred odd black convicts hired from the imperial government; and finally they go to the weighing room.

They are then put up in parcels for sale to the brokers, who ship them principally to Amsterdam and London where they are cut and polished, the annual output averaging close upon $20,000,000.

Society in Kimberly is of course very mixed and one must not judge a man by the cut of his coat, for many a tattered one covers the back of a London B. A. or scholar, whilst ignorance and roguery is frequently encountered in broadcloth.

On dit that one of the feminine leaders of society there used to tend bar in the misty past, whilst it is whispered that the good- natured vulgar wife of took in washing at a remote period of her history.

Money is plentiful, consequently living is high, nevertheless it is no place for the poor man.

G.

E.

Carpenter.

The good man quietly discharges his duty and shuns ostentation;

the vain man considers every deed lost that is not publicly displayed.

The one is intent upon realities;

the other, upon semblance.

The one aims to be good;

the other, to appear so.

Argument, as usually managed, is the worst sort of conversation, as in books it is generally the worst sc of reading.

CURRENT COMMENT.

NANSENS RETURN.

Dr.

FridthjOf Nansen, the Norwegian arctic explorer, is again in the land of the known.

He left for the north in the summer of 1893, in a ship especially constructed for the voyage.

Nansen's theory was that a current flowed from the coasts of Siberia, across the Polar regions to the coasts of Greenland.

Fastening his ship to the ice he would drift across.

His ship, the Fram (meaning forward) was built to withstand the terrible pressure of the ice.

The Fram had the usual expedience with the ice in the north and drifted back and forth for nearly two years.

In the month of March last year, Nansen, with one companion, left the ship and pressed on northward over the ice.

They took with them twenty-eight dogs, two sledges, two small boats or kayaks, and provisions for one hundred days, with which they traveled north nearly a month until they reached deg.

14 min. which is a little over 250 miles from the pole and miles farther north than any other explorer has reached.

At this point the ice became impassable, so they returned.

They traveled all last summer to reach land.

As their dog food gave out, they killed the weakest and fed to the rest, until they were all gone.

Towards the last of August they prepared for winter by building a hut of stones, earth and moss, shooting bears and walrus for food.

Here they spent all of last winter.

This spring they were again on the march, wading through the ice and paddling their kayaks through the open waters, until, in August, they were met by the explorer Jackson and his party near Franz Josef Land.

The steamer Windward, which carried supplies to Jackson, took Nansen back to Norway.

WITHOUT PURSE OR SCRIP.

Late reports from the missionary field are most encouraging.

With the allaying of prejudice, and the clearing.away of misunderstanding regarding the Latter-day Saints, many are becoming interested and are investigating the doctrines of the

Church.

A point of special interest is the practice which is being encouraged, especially in the southern states, of traveling without purse or scrip, and many of our elders are now literally carrying out this plan.

Many a young 'missionary is having his faith strengthened in the promises of God, and many have strong stories to tell of how the Lord has provided, always in the nich of time.

The "without purse and scrip"question has been a matter for much discussion among our missionaries.

Doubtless environments have much to do with its practice, but after all, is it not very much a matter of faith?

"As thy faith so shall it be."As it has met with such success in the southern states, may it not soon be carried to other less favorable fields?

THE "DEVIL SCARE."A few weeks ago there were a number of panics among the school children of New York City, caused by the rumor that the devil was abroad and taking a personal interest in the doings of the schools.

It seems that, unlike the parents, the evil one was in the habit of visiting the schools—at least that was the talk in the district, and the children had become so worked up, that one morning the cry went in one building that the devil was inside.

The children made a rush for the streets and for home.

Those in the street took up the cry and in a few seconds the greatest excitement prevailed.

The frightened children ran into each other, great crowds gathered in front of the school, and there was danger of many getting tramped to death.

After a time the teacher got them quieted and into the school

6jS MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

rooms, though all that day, the older pupils had to accompany the little ones to and from the school house.

THE MOON'S MOON.

Among the recent discoveries in astronomy is a moon's moon, says.the Youth's Companion.

An observer using the great Lick telescope noticed a tiny satellite revolving around one of the moons of Jupiter.

Speaking more correctly, the larger and the smaller satellite were revolving around a common center, in accordance with a law governing the movements of all celestial neighbors.

Another interesting, and somewhat weird discovery was a dark body passing between the earth and the moon.

It was visible only while crossing the moon's disk, and this glimpse furnished no data for solving the mystery of its hitherto unsuspected presence in space.

SATURDAY HALF-HOLIDAY.

The Saturday half-holiday movement is growing in the eastern cities, and it is worthy of encouragement.

American workers take too little rest, and usually the busiest part ot the week is late Saturday night.

Sunday is no day of rest to them, and indeed the Sabbath is no Sabbath to the great majority of Americans.

It is their day of pleasure, in fact the only day they have for recreation.

That this is radically wrong, no Latter-day Saint will deny.

Would it not be a good thing to cease our work Saturday at noon, and take the half day in performing our personal odd jobs, in recreation, and in preparing tor the Sabbath?

How would it do to go to the lake on Saturday afternoons, take our bath, and spend Sunday in attending to the duties necessary to our spiritual growth?

Nephi Anderson.

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

The Great Dispenser of events in the organization of the noblest and most wonderful of all His creations, man, "perfect in structure, noble in reason and infinite in faculty"did not seemingly attain that perfection that six thousand years of human experience has demonstrated to be necessary for the preservation of peace and happiness, and the realization of his loftiest ideal.

The primitive pair, who were driven forth from Paradise, were endowed with certain instincts and qualities, through the designed perversion of which was to lose for them their priceless heritage, the glories and splendors of Cellestialism.

Fore ordained disobedience to the Divine Mandate, resulted in the expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden, from which moment dates the long, weary struggles and contentions of man with the obstacles and realities of a depreciated and degenerate world;

henceforth he must earn his bread by toil and painstaking industry.

The golden pathway of life, whece all had been peace and harmony and infinite joy, was now converted into an uninviting abode strewn with thorns and thistles.

The face of nature became universally transformed out of all semblance to its former self:

the race must now suffer the "slings and arrows out of raged fortune, heart aches, and a thousand natural shocks that flesh is heir to The changed conditions and environments to which he is subjected, develops a combative principle along with varied constitutional peculiarities.

He becomes ill-natured and quarrelsome, discordant elements became common characteristics of his

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

temperament.

Human nature thus contaminated by contact with a degenerate world, oblivious to the monitions of the tribunal instituted in Paradise for the preservation of order and harmony, required the formation of new rules and regulations to which it voluntarily subscribes, lor the security and realization of its appointed ends.

If mankind were responsive to the monitions of conscience, there would be but few cases of disagreement, but a quite universal and flagrant disregard and perversion thereof, renders the interposition of positive municipal regulations imperitive, if the peaceful evolution of society would be secured.

So it happens that from a very early period, speaking with reference to domestic relations, stringent laws have been passed regulating intercourse between the sexes, providing the requisites of a valid marriage, and determining the conditions of a dissolution.

Marriage and divorce have been recognized in nearly all countries.

All nations permit marriage, but not all allow divorces.

The Romans during the Regal period, down through the Republic and the reigns of the Pagan Emperors, were at liberty to separate and terminate their legal relationship by mutual consent, or a divorce could be had at the will of but one of the parties; the complaining party was however subject to certain penalties, if the reasons in law were not deemed good and sufficient. Thus great latitude of divorce was allowed down to the reigns of the Christian Emperors; but it is a singular fact that but a few divorces were obtainedj at least to the overthrow of the Republic.

"Conjugal affection, parental piety, and filial reverence"were predominant characteristics of the Roman household.

The fear of offending their Pagan divinities in family feuds and dissentions, unquestionably operated to preserve peace and harmony and congenial relations between the spouses.

In Roman Catholic countries marriage is regarded in the light of a religious sacrament, and as such is indissoluble by any municipal authority.

The Divine Mandate "what God has joined together, man must not put asunder,"has a special force and significance in-the Catholic ceremonial.

Prior to the Revolution in France in 1789, an absolute annulment of the marriage contract could not be had.

It was beyond the compass of any temporal power to grant divorce for any cause, whatsoever its character.

The matrimonial knot thus tied, though the parties might have a separation agreement, could never legally contract another valid marriage.

In 1792 mighty social and political forces that had been long at work, culminated in a formidable wave of infidelity that swept over sunny France, demolishing the churches and destroying the time-honored institutions of religion;

it changed the character of the marriage institution.

A law was passed allowing divorce by mutual consent, and on the application of either party for certain designated statutory offences.

On Napoleon's accession to the "Imp'e- rium"in 1804, the latitude of divorce was restricted.

These laws were however subsequently repealed, and from 18 16 fo 1884 such a thing as an absolute divorce was unknown in France.

Judicial separations were of frequent occurrence.

In 1884 a law was passed, over the opposition of Catholic votes, again granting absolute divorces.

Prior to 1857 tne English courts were prohibited from granting a divorce avinculo matrimonii from the bonds of matrimony, but were authorized, however, as in France, to decree a judicial separation, a quasi termination of the marriage relation.

Since 1869 the power of granting an absolute divorce had been exercised by Parliament.

The great expense involved in going through the circu-

,8o MARRIAGE AAD DIVORCE.

itous proceedings in obtaining the decree, was such that only the rich and well-to-do class could avail themselves of such a luxury.

A decree of separation had first to be obtained from the ecclesiastical court, after which, proceedings for criminal conversation against the adulterer were instituted.

If the complainant was successful in these tribunals he was at liberty to submit the case to the House of Lords for final adjudication.

A probate and divorce court was established by Parliament in 1857, clothed with power to grant absolute divorces lor certain specified statutory reasons.

Prior thereto the only offence for which a divorce could be obtained, was adultery, and Gladstone, with some of the most distinguished statesmen of England, argued against the enactment ol the new law, contending it was antiscriptural, the scriptures allowing a writing of divorcement only on the ground of adultery.

The authority ol granting divorce among the early colonists was limited to the Legislature.

At the present time every State in the Union, excepting South Carolina, authorizes divorce on various designated statutory grounds.

From the foregoing observations we see the attitude occupied by some of the most enlightened nations on the subject of marriage and divorce, and observe a most commendable tendency among most Christian peoples, in recent times, to more liberal legislation in this direction.

Still, we are lar from having attained that perfection that many thousands of badly matched and uncongenial couples so earnestly desire and clamor for.

Though we proudlv boast of large individual liberties under our superb government, our individuality within the limits of the most sacred institution with which the law has to do, is more greatly curtailed and fettered than was that of the Romans during the prosperous but stormy days of her regal career, when divorce was a matter of mutual consent, and peace reigned in the domestic circle.

The family hearth was regarded as being too sacred for legislative interference.

"They taught that legislation should not touch the independence of the family, nor confine by legal restraints the ties which natural affection formed.

Under such a system of law, where there are no legal restraints or are but few on the freedom of divorce, marriage must be regarded more in the nature of a civil contract with its legal accessories, and not a mere status, as it is construed and defined by modern jurists.

As a status it occupies a different relation to the government than it otherwise would il it were clothed in the legal habiliments of a civil transaction or contract.

It is true, however, that the mere agreement to marry is a civil contract, partaking ol the legal incidents of a contractual relation for the breach of which an action of damages is maintainable; but the relationship consequent upon the consummation of the marriage agreement is purely a status surrounded by special rules and regulations, not terminable at the will of the parties, as may be done in the case of a civil contract.

It is indeed singular that the defaulting party to a contract of marriage may be compelled to respond in damages in satisfaction for a breach before marriage, which is supposed to compensate for lacerated feelings and wounded sensibilities;

but after the marriage contract is completed, and the hymenial knot securely tied by law, when the masks of courtship are thrown away, and flaws and defects that were intentionally concealed when the contract was entered into exposed to view, wounded feelings, •and tears, and heart-aches, the bitter fruits of misplaced confidence and disappointed love, are not of sufficient moment or seriousness to warrant

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

the aid or assistance of the law;

but some shameful conduct or disgraceful act that the law invites must be resorted to or committed, that a hungry and fault-finding public may goad their curiosities to have something to gossip over before relief can be obtained from the unhappy relationship.

It is necessary under all jurisdictions that one of several statutory conditions exist to entitle the complaining party to a definitive decree of divorce.

In our State (Utah) the husband may obtain a divorce if the wife has been convicted of a felony, guilty of adultery, wilful desertion for more than one year, habitual drunkenness, and cruel treatment.

The wife, through the generosity of beneficent legislators, most generous considering their hitherto most hampered conceptions, is entitled to a divorce from her husband on either of the same causes being established, with the additional one in her favor of failure to provide.

Think of the natural injustice and monstrosity of a law that compels men and women, who have discovered themselves to be entirely unsuited to each other, either through mental or physical incongruity, or both, living in a sort of "cat and dog companionship,"and altogether incapable of living happy together, to still continue to live with each other, with no hope of an honorable, legal separati m. The law practically compels this very thing.

Divorce laws should be framed with reference to physiological law, which is the law of heaven, the observance (if which is absolutely necessary to secure matrimonial felicity.

On the contrary, the existing legislation is to ignore altogether these fundamental considerations, as a consequence of which children are being born into the world, the offspring of ill-mated and disagreeable companions, whose constitutional peculiarities become thereby infected.

The divorce code as it now exists in the U.

S.

is, by its incompleteness and restrictive character, an ugly monument of misdirected legislation, foreign to the cardinal principle of nature, and not at all calculated to promote domestic happiness.

To compel the candidates for the matrimonial adventure, who as a rule are wholly ignorant of the physiology and phrenology of the human system, and therefore incompetent to correctly pass upon the laws of temperamental adaptation, to continue to live together after they have discovered themselves totally inadapted, sustaining an unhappy and repulsive companionship, is, to say the least, unwise and unnatural in the extreme.

There should be some measures provided, other than existing statutory ones, by which the disppointed and discontented parties may throw off their burdensome yoke, and be again at liberty to contract matrimonial relations at any time they may feel disposed.

Such unrestricted freedom is entirely in consonance with our broadest and most generous conception of constitutional and individual freedom.

The marriage contract should be placed in the same category with other civil contracts, clothing it with quite the same legal attributes and distinctions, empowering the parties thereto to terminate their relations by mutual consent.

Whose business is it if a married couple cannot agree, whose relations with each other have become repulsive, by mutual agreement separate and marry again?

Why the state assumes to be very materially interested, so much so that it constructs impassable barriers against the attainment of these conditions, and instead of being permitted to part, they are destined or doomed to stem life's current together in a state of belligerency, 'midst many tears and sighs and sorrows, unless they have the courage to commit some statutory offense, and un-

MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE.

bosom the sacred secrets of their home to the public.

Yes they may have a divorce emensa et thora, and avoid living together, but a second valid marriage cannot be contracted.

Who does not know and will not recognize that such a law is an inducement to easy virtue by all who secure such a quasi termination of the marriage contract.

Such an arraignment contravenes the demands of nature and will ever be violated, for God has implanted instincts and passsions in the human being that no legislature can legislate away.

It is the individual happiness of the parties themselves (inasmuch as it will not be subservive of public morals) that should be the paramount and controlling consideration in the enactment of laws for the government of the institution of marriage.

There is nothing to show that the incorporation of the element of mutual consent in the termination of the marriage relationship would deteriorate public morals, on the contrary it would have the inevitable effect of ameliorating the unfortnate condition of thousands of wretchedly matched men and women, whose uncongenial temperments wholly incapacitate them to live happy with each other.

Legislators should have no scruples in interfering with this institution because they conceive it to be of divine origin, for it did not thus originate:

it bears no such marks, and history contradicts it.

On the other hand it bears abundant traces of the finger marks of man, and a world of wretched and unhappy people, who have rushed thoughtlessly and inconsiderately into its turbulent precincts, powerless to extricate themselves, solemnly testifies.

New divorce legislation is imperatively demanded everywhere throughout the country.

It may be depended that reform legislation will be had, if not now its accomplishment will not be long posponed, for the eternal and immutable decrees of nature must be recognized if society would reap its richest appointments.

Our age is a progressive and experimental one, our government is an experiment, our institutions new.

We are living in a period of transition, of change.

Why not then innovate on administration now hoary with age, that has been sheltered during the long centuries in the selfishness of unwise conservatism.

A government that will not experiment is dead and decaying.

It was an experiment when the state permitted half dozen grounds ofdivorce to supplant the one historic ground, adultry.

It was a vast improvement over pre-existing law, but we have not attained that perfection yet that is easily within the compass of achievement.

But it is argued that if we throw down the bars of matrimony permitting easy egress, that people will marry only to be divorced, that slight provocations and petty family feuds, temporary storms of bad temper, etc., would result in legal separations.

There would unquestionably be some few instances where matters of trivial concern would occasion divorces, but these would be insolated testimonials.

The great majority of cases would be predicated upon interminable quarrels, dissentions, and broils of long duration, and certain physical incompatabilities.

Instead of making a decree in the first place defintive. make it conditional, as it is in France for a specified period, say three years, that if during this period the spouses affect a reconcilation, they may be at liberty to have the decree set aside upon application to the court granting the same, but there after forever bared from obtaining a divorce, excepting for certain extreme statutory reasons.

The liberty of the press in this connection should be curtailed, any newspaper publishing the details of a divorce case, should be subject to a

HOW POSTAGE STAMPS ARE MADE.

heavy fine, permitted only to note the fact of divorcement as a matter of public record.

Newspaper publicity of divorce proceedings only adds to the embarrassment and annoyance of the parties, and serves no good purpose.

Married people whatever the nature ol their troubles, don't want to be published to a criticizing and eager public.

Such notoriety engenders badresults.

It is only those who have been more fortunate in their matrimonial experience that advocate greater stringency in divorce regulations;

those not thus lavored, and in whose behalf the new code of divorce would be promulgated, think and reason differently and rightly so to.

Let our legislators reflect on these momentous considerations for they involve the dearest and most solemn interests with which man is concerned, and let the light of progressive reason shine in the dark and hampered statutes.

Elijah Farr.

[The article above gives the views 01 the person whose name is attached, and are somewhat contrary to the doctrines of the Church.

It will be answered in the October issue of this magazine.

Ed.] HOW POSTAGE STAMPS ARE MADE.

Shortly after the stamp business had been taken out of the hands of private companies, and handed over to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, the whole country was complaining of the poor quality of the work done.

A lot of stamps had been sent out which refused to stick, having been improperly or insufficiently gummed.

Little did the people know the difficulty Uncle Sam was laboring under then in creating a stamp plant from A to Z with inexperienced workers.

But soon the Bureau of Engraving and Printing was able to invite the postmasters to return the imperfect stamps and get a new and better supply, for that first mistake had only resulted in a deeper study of the problem, and not only were ways found to correct the error, but new and improved methods were discovered and applied.

To have a clear notion of the complex processes employed for the production of so simple an article of public use as a postage stamp, it is necessary first to examine the paper.

Unlike that used for money, there is little distinctively characteristic about the paper on which stamps are printed.

It is merely first-class wood-fiber paper, with the Government's water mark, "U.

S.

P. S.,"repeated again and again on its face to render difficult its counterfeiting.

The counterfeiting of stamps is a rare crime, probably because the game is hardly worth the candle.

The offering of postage stamps at reduced rates, or even at regular rates in large numbers by individuals, would be pretty sure to arouse suspicion, which would end in trouble for the counterfeiters.

The theft of a few hundred dollars'worth of stamps printed at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing soon after the Government began to make stamps resulted in the prompt capture and conviction of the thieves, who are now serving long sentences.

Even the precaution of the water mark was not employed in the production of stamp paper before the Government took the matter in hand last year.

In any stamp produced since April 28, 1895, You w i^ find, if you hold them before a strong light, some portion of the water-lined letters, "U.

S.

P. S."This water mark is made at intervals of an inch or less all over the big sheets on which the stamps are piinted.

The date of the introduction of the water mark is already a matter of interest to stamp collectors.

After the paper is started in the actual process of stamp-making it has countings galore.

When it finally is ready to issue in the form

HO W POSTAGE STAMPS ARE MADE.

of red and blue and brown and green stamps, it has no less than fifty- two separate and distinct countings.

When the Bureau of Engraving and

Printing makes a requistion on the loan division of the Treasury Department for stamp paper it must state specifically what is to be printed on the paper.

If the bureau gets ten thousand sheets of paper to print two-cent stamps, it must account to the Treasury Department for the 10,000 sheets of two-cent stamps, less, of course, the number actually spoiled in the different processes, and these spoiled sheets must also be in evidence, and no eloquence that has yet been invented can otherwise explain any discrepancy.

The moment paper for stamps of a designated denomenation leaves the Treasury Department it becomes worth on the books of the department just the amount of the stamps of the given denomenation that can be printed on it.

The transfer of the paper from the Treasury to the Bureau of Engraving and

Printing is made in iron-bound chests, which are placed in a great van lined with chilled steel and guarded.

At closing time at the bureau no employee is allowed to leave the building until the last particle of paper, printed or unprinted, and the last plate and die are accounted for;

nor is any employee permitted to depart before closing time without a pass from the chief of his or her room, approved by the chief of the bureau.

Stamps are printed in sheets of four hundred stamps, or "heads"as they are called at the bureau; and as each press carries four plates one revolution of the press means one thousand six hundred stamps.

The dies from which these stamp plates are made are cut out of soft steel by the Bureau of Engravers.

They are then hardened and an impression of them is taken on a roll of soft steel, which, so far as lines go, is just the reverse of the die.

The sunken lines on the die become the raised lines on the rolls, just as if you were to take a piece of chewing gum and impress a penny into it.

Alter the reverse impression has been made on the roll it in turn is hardened and rolled back and forth over a big plate of fine soft steel until it cuts its impression clear and sharp as many times as it is desired that the plate shall contain stamp-dies.

Then the big plate is hardened and is ready for the printing process.

The impression on the stamps is made from depressed lines filled with ink.

A plate containing four hundred stamps is about two by two and one half feet in size, and will last a great while.

If you have ever bought a full sheet of stamps and wondered what was meant by the mystical numbers on the lower margin, you will be interested to know that this is the printers plate number By this number the printer and his assistants are charged with every sheet of damp paper they handle, and the number is credited with every sheet of stamps, perfect or imperfect, that they return.

One total must agree with the other.

As the sheets corne damp from the press they are packed up in stacks, a sheet of tissue paper between each two sheets of stamps.

After more counting and passing of receipts, they are taken to another division, where they are placed in small batches in wire-bottomed trays.

The room is filled from floor to ceiling with these trays, and a series of electrically propelled fans keep the air continually in motion.

In about twelve hours the sheets are dry of ink and moisture.

Then girls take them in large bundles, and, laying one hand in the middle of the sheets, turn with incredible rapidity sheet after sheet.

The impression made upon the visitor is that they are counting them, and counting at a furious rate, too.

And so they are, keenly and crtically examining the sheets at the same time for all sorts of imperfections.

HOW POSTAGE STAMPS ARE MADE.

When a sheet is found imperfect in any way the rustling of the sheets ceases long enough for the girl to withdraw the sheet and mark it with a hasty scrawl, which to the uninitiated means nothing on earth, but to the stamp people is a full critique of the sheet's short comings.

Then the rustle proceeds as before.

Probably the most interesting of all the details of stamp making is the process of applying the gum.

It has been reduced to such perfection that the bureau people may be pardoned for the pride they have in it.

Right here, indeed, lies the great secret of successful stamp manufacture.

The process of gumming was always carefully guarded by the former makers of the stamps—how well it was guarded was told by the Government's first output of stamps.

There is no longer any mystery about the clean and adequate process the Bureau of Engraving and Printing was forced to invent.

The gumming division is a big apartment in the basement of the building.

The greatest care is taken to keep the temperature of this room evenly at eighty degrees, summer and winter.

The temperatuie corresponds to the temperature of the gum as it is applied to the stamps.

Even greater care is taken to keep the average humidity at about fifty, which is just mid-way between the humidity of a damp, drizzly day and a crisp, bright one.

So much importance is attached to this atmospheric condition in the gumming of stamps that six humidity tests are made during the seven hours which constitute the working day of the bureau—at nine, ten and thirty minutes after eleven in the forenoon, and at one, two and three in the afternoon.

A careful record of these readings is kept, so that it would be possible for the chief of the division by referring to it month and years afterward to tell just what weather conditions he had in gumming a particular output of stamps.

Apparatus is provided to correct any tendency to undue dryness brought about by the weather conditions outside the building.

Every particle of the gum is weighed, the allowance being made of twenty-five pounds of gum for every four hundred thousand stamps.

The gumming machines are marvels of ingenuity.

From a fountain which receives gum after it has been tested and weighed, a brown streem ofgum flows evenly in a rectangular reservoir, which rests against a fast-revolving roller accurately made of ground glass; the slightly rough surface of this roller takes up the gum and applies it to the backs of the stamp sheets as they pass under it on an endless carriage provided with gripers and fingers that operate in the most life-like way.

As sheet after sheet passes, face down, under this gumming roller, it throws a parting shimmer of its newely gummed surface in a mirror placed just above the entrance to a long chest, which reminds one of an incubator on a big scale.

This parting shimmer is not altogether a poetical incident of the process, nor is the mirror intended exclusively for the gratification of the young woman operator.

With her back to the light she catches the reflection of the shimmer in the mirror as the sheet recedes from her, and by this means can tell whether the gum is being applied evenly.

So after throwing its farewell gleam to the pretty girl gummer, the sheet of stamps passes into the incubatorlike chest, which is kept full ol hot, dry air.

When it emerges it is dumped on the tables of other girl operators at the other end, after a journey of fifty feet in a temperarure of one hundred and thirty-lwo degrees.

It is now quite dry and ready to be smoothed of its slight crinkles and packed for delivery to the perforators.

The latter separate by machinery each original sheet into four such sheets as are delivered to the post-offices, cutting at the same time

CHOICE OF AN AIM IN LIFE.

the perforations which enable the individual stamps to be easily separated.

Finally hydraulic presses remove the burring left by the perforating machines.

The bureau keeps on hand a store of stamps equal to almost any emergency.

There are now in its vaults more than two hundred and fifty million, and tie manufactory is running on full time.

Last year there were produced nearly two billion five hundred million; yet with the constantly-increasing demand no cessation in the creation of supply is possible.

It is estimated that stamps cost the Government something like five cents a thousand.

Receipts from the sale of them last year were, on an average, more than one million a month.

More than ninety per cent of all those sold were of the twocent denomination.

Buffalo Express.

CHOICE OF AN AIM IN LIFE.

As in traveling through an unknown country a mountain peak may guide us to our destined home, as without such a guide we must often wander from the goal and frequently retrace our steps, so in the wilderness of life our steps may be in one unbroken course toward an end and all action be made with reference to that end;

or we may live aimlessly, with the acts of one day bearing no relation to those of the next.

In the former case our progress is assured;

in the latter, progress is comparatively impossible, and often there is retrogression.

The importance of a clearly-defined aim and the subordination of our acts to that aim, in any course of action, cannot be over-estimated.

Let it be mental action as a solution of the problem if in our endeavor to solve, we do not hold every act of the mind upon the solution, but allow ourselves now to think of a party to be given, then of a friend we expect to meet, at one time of a mistake we made yesterday, at another, of the difficulties of our problem, it is clear that we will get on poorly.

Again, if one desires to create a work of art, a landscape painting for example, should begin by painting a tree, and then a stream, now a lake or a mountain, here a meadow and there another tree, his painting would be an object of laughter;

but if, as is usually done, he thinks out a design and commences by roughly expressing it, he may afterwards work out the details, sure to subordinate them to the working out of the end he had in view.

The result will have unity; for every touch of the brush will be intimately related to the expression of one central idea, and therefore it is beautiful, a true work of art.

These examples should show us the importance of having and keeping an end in view of small groups of actions; other examples might be given to show the great importance of relating these groups of actions together by referring them all to an end.

If one desires to become a great painter, he will never become such by dabbling today in his chosen art, tomorrow in music, the next in landscape gardening, and so on.

His love must be constantly centered upon his art as the chief end of his life; and if his love is great there will be little tendency to labor in other lines.

Thus it is that the greatest artists get along so poorly.

For a great artist will always be one who is portraying ideals beyond the ones appreciated by those about him;

he will, therefore, lack their aid, and his love of art will not allow him to provide even the necessaries of life.

It has nearly always

CHOICE OF AN AIM IN LIFE.

been thus with the greatest lovers of truth, art, and generally of such ends as do not provide for the bodies'well-being.

What is true in matters of art is true in the so-called practical affairs of life.

To become a good farmer, a stock-raiser a business man, a gardener, a fruit- raiser, a carpenter, or anything else, one must keep his end in view, and have such a desire to reach it, that most of the actions of each working day shall be made with reference to it.

Only by selecting and interesting ourselves in such an aim can we be successful and contented

Yet how few ever realize this fact sufficiently to cause them to make the selection of an end.

We know that that the mason, whom we admire for his efficiency, or our neighbor who raises such quantities of excellent fruit, or the one successful in any of life's pursuits, has earned his social standing by concentrating all his efforts within the limits of his respective vocations.

We cannot help but admire such as these, and yet how many there are who labor no successive years in the same line of work.

An end should be chosen which we love sufficiently to labor towards constantly.

Right here is one of our great defects; hundreds are drifting in the different pursuits towards ends not particularly desired and not voluntarily chosen.

The results are seen in men who lack character, in poor mechanics, poor farms, poor houses, weedy gardens, miserable homes, unhappy families, etc.

In greatly desiring an end we labor diligently, systematically, and happily, until we reach it.

Every act is made use of.

None is wasted.

We feel that it is more important to be economical with our acts than with our possessions.

In forming the habit of systematically acting in one direction, there is a tendency to labor systematically in all other directions, and thus there becomes the greatest economy of acts and the largest results.

Although the ends of which I have been speaking are praiseworthy and necessary, yet it will be observed that they are not all inclusive; all acts cannot be used in the pursuit of any one, and manv acts should not be so used.

Although we admire one successful in the acquirement of knowledge, yet we naturally dislike him if he neglects his family, his friends, his person, his health, etc.

in the pursuit of knowledge.

We admire one who is able to acquire money, but if he makes this aim so ultimate that he disregards the rights of others, we learn to dislike him; and so we dislike anyone who is completely satisfied in the pursuit of any one of these aims.

We think a person should be something besides successful in the pursuit of any one object.

Now there is one absolute end in life towards which all action is directed, and that end is self-realization or perfect development.

Man is a being of infinite capability, and it is impossible to learn to manifest all his powers in this short probation.

Yet he may do much toward reaching his goal of happiness, complete development.

We all labor towards it unconsciously, but with varying degrees of success.

We desire to make the most of ourselves while on earth.

In order to do this all our acts, by which we develop ourselves, must, a"> we have learned, be systematically directed toward an end.

We are not satisfied in reaching any one of the practical ends we have discussed, although we know we should have such an end, and there are many acts which cannot be directed toward them.

Is there any one end that is all inclusive, such an end that there is no act which cannot be made to aid us in reaching it?

In order to look for such an end we must examine and classify all aims possible to us.

After a thorough examination,

CHOICE OF AN AIM IN LIFE.

it will be seen that action may be destined to our bodily wants, such as food, clothing, comfortable temperature, rest, etc., to the understanding of our universe, that is, to truth, to the appreciation of beauty in art and nature, to persons, and finally to God.

There is no act which we are capable of that does not come under one of these five heads; and complete development and happiness requires action in them all.

We would not be happy in the pursuit of any one set, or in any less than the pursuit of all.

Happiness does not come to the one who devotes himself entirely to the gratification of his bodily wants, and yet it cannot come without their gratification.

One who devotes himself much to these is a glutton, an idler, etc.

These terms express a disgust for such one-sidedness.

Neither can one devote himself entirely to the pursuit of knowledge, or beauty, without unhappiness; he must care for his family, etc.

One cannot live for his fellows alone, he would be ascetic, ignorant, prosy, etc.

Terms all expressive of reproach.

The only end to which we can entirely devote ourselves without unhappiness and reproach is the proper service of God.

This end is all inclusive.

Every act of life is related to it and may be directed towards it, and what is more, the proper service of God requires activity of all kinds.

We cannot serve Him as we should, without we administer to bodily wants.

We must feed, clothe and rest our bodies in order to have health and strength to serve Him.

The acquirement of knowledge is not incompatible with this service, neither is a love of the beautiful and the endeavor to make all about us orderly ana beautiful incompatible with it.

"One cannot be saved in ignorance.""Cleanliness is akin to Godliness."''Order is heaven's first law,"are expressions illustrative of this fact.

We cannot serve Him properly if we disregard our duties to our families, our friends, or our fellow men. One of the greatest ways of serving him is to unselfishly serve our fellow men.

The service of God requires a proper regard for all good aims;

but these aims must not be ultimate ends, but means to the ultimate end we have discovered, in order that there shall be happiness.

The pursuit of this ultimate end except through these means is impossible.

If we desire to make the most of ourselves, to develope in the widest way, and thus reach the most happiness, we can now see what our aim must be, and what are the means we must select in order to reach it.

We can desire no greater end than the service of God.

There is none whose pursuit enters a greater field of action.

Action is always self-realizing, self-developing.

In the service of the Lord we realize ourselves in the widest way possible.

The aim being known, the question arises, "How shall we best serve?'Each one must answer this for himself.

Besides His direct worship, we must give proper attention to the duties in all of the above mentioned fields of action.

Attention to the different duties are sure to be various.

Some will give prominence to this kind of action, some to that;

no two for example will give the same prominence to the acquirement of knowledge, or to the service of mankind.

One very important thing in learning good from evil consists in determining the relative importance of various kinds of action.

Concluding we may say that the greatest aim is to be a humble and trusted servant of the Lord and his representatives.

In endeavoring to reach this end we should love and surrender ourselves to the service of mankind, and especially that portion dependent upon us.

The greatest Servant of God became subject to all men that He might save them.

He manifested the greatest love in that He died for them.

We should then have regard for beauty in all things,

GLEANINGS.

being neat, orderly, clean, etc.

When we see a beautiful object in nature we should love it sufficiently to examine it, for it displays the wisdom of our Maker.

We should seek for knowledge.

All these duties can be performed and still we may select a pursuit in life and be successful in it; and indeed we must select such in order to supply our bodily wants and aid others to supply theirs.

Our probations are very short.

We have but a short time to demonstrate what we are and how well we can serve the Unseen.

It behooves us to select one great end in order that no action shall be aimless.

Each life should be one grand, beautiful unity in which each act bears some relation to a whole, and can be explained by referring it to the whole.

W. H.

Chamberlin.

GLEANINGS.

"He who can make a single person feel that there is a better method of life than that which he has been pursuing, and arouse his desire to enter upon it, has done more for the society of the world at large than if he had analysed and exposed its faults and failings with the utmost penetration and ability.

Real influence is exerted far more in vitalizing new ideas, or. rather, ideas that have lain dormant in the minds of men, than in any criticism."—

"Those persons who criticise society not for the purpose of doing it any good, but only in a captious and fault-finding spirit, will not be likely to be debarred by the fact that their course is fruitless.

But there are many who are not of this stamp, who realy and earnestly desire to see certain evils removed, certain improvements made, and the whole sociai fabric rise to a higher plane.

They would gladly, if they could help on this good work, but it seems too vast and too vague for them to attempt.

Let such persons never lose sight of the truth that only by influencing the individual can society be influenced.

Just as the gardener who would improve his grounds must patiently cherish each separate plant, so the patriot who would improve his nation and the philanthropist who wouid elevate the race must devote their en> rgies to the improvement and the elevation of the individual members of those communities.""If we could trace out the needless suffering inflicted by men upon each other, we should find a large part of it to be quite unintentional, involuntary, and even unknown to those who caused it.

No plea in excuse is more frequent than that there has been no such purpose.

Men forget that 'Evil is wrought by want of thought as well as by want of heart,'that they meant no harm to their neighbors or friends or the public as well;

but their responsibility did not end there.

They should have been very sure that their acts were as free from harm as their intentions.""There is a greater difference both in the stages of life and the seasons of the year than in the conditions of men; yet the healthy pass through the seasons, from the clement to the inclement, not only reluctantly but rejoicingly, knowing that the worst will soon finish, and the best begin anew: and we are desirious of pushing forward into every stage of life, excepting that alone which ought reasonably to allure us most, as opening to us the Via Sacra along which we move in triumph to our eternal country.

We labor to get through a crowd.

Such is our impatience, such our hatred of procrastination, in everything but the amendment of our practices and the adornment ot our nature, one would imagine we were dragging Time along by force, and not he us."

EDITORIAL.

THE CONTRIBUTOR PUBLISHED BY The Contributor Company.

Salt Lake City, September, 1896.

THE ABILITY TO WRITE.

A subject of vast importance to our young State is the support of its periodicals, and the consequent raising of the literary standard of the community.

It would seem from the experience of our home publications, that there is among our people a very incomplete understanding of the meaning of the phrase, "supporting home publications."This phrase not only means subsribing for them, and contributing to them, and advertising in them;

it also means a thorough preparation on the part of the people for the literary duty of writing for our magazines.

These magazines do not suffer from a lack of material; manuscripts are received in great number, and speaking of our own publication, we are free to state that it is one of the most painful duties of the editor to throw aside a large percentage of the articles received, because they are not available for our columns.

It is not for the most part because those who write do not have the proper thing to say, although that is one defect;

the principal difficulty is that they do not know how to say it.

In other words, literary form is wanting even where, in the majority of cases, the subject and its conception are good.

While it is true that the literary form without good substance beneath, is worthless;

as Douglass Jerrold remarked to the fop, who boasted that his father knew seven different languages, "I know it. but he never said anything worth listening to in any of them;"but the substance alone, dressed up in anything but good literary style, is like a rough diamond, likely to be cast aside because of its want of polish.

Therefore, we would have people of literary aspiration understand that form and content are both absolutely essential for success in this direction.

A few hints as to how an improvement may be brought about, may not be out of place-.

Mistakes in orthography are common of course, but, while serious, they are not difficult of correction.

Gross grammatical errors are also frequent, but in many instances the mere substitution of one word for another, may correct such an error;

yet these mistakes should be scrupulously avoided.

But the main difficulty is the absence of that subtle, almost hidden element known as good literary style.

This is something that cannot be reduced to definite rules, except in the case of those who have mastered the higher study of rhetoric.

The writers upon whom we shall depend most for our matter are not usually of this class;

therefore, this important, indeed, indispensable element must be acquired by almost unconscious methods.

Among these may be named the following:

1 st.

The careful reading of works which are themselves good models of language, and the avoidance of excessive reading in works whose literary form is questionable.

Without naming any of the latter class we will call attention to some who have produced works correct in literary form and the elements of style.

We here give preference to prose works, because a refined genius enters into all poetic production, without which they are practically worthless, no matter how excellent their form in other respects.

Joseph Addison, William M.

Thackeray, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Francis Bacon, Thomas B.

Macauly, Charles Lamb, John Ruskin, Edmund Burke, Dean Swift,

George Eliot, Matthew Arnold, Thomas De Ouincy, Ralph Waldo Emmerson, and James Russel Lowell are among the prominent prose writers whose works may be read

EDITORIAL.

for the cultivation of a correct style.

Not that any one of these should be blindly or implicitly imitated; rather, their best works should be read with the mind open and receptive to form and thought, in order that both may be digested and made a part of one's own personality, to be drawn upon when occasion requires.

It would be indeed an anomaly if, after a careful reading of any considerable number of the works of these authors, one should write in an inartistic style.

2nd.

Good practice in writing, each production being submitted to the criticisms of the writer himself, and to others if necessary, is another efficient means of developing literary style.

This writing should go hand in hand with the reading above referred to, in order that the best effects of both may be secured.

In this connection we call attention to the article in the College Department in this issue, relating to this subject.

3rd.

There are certain faults prevalent in the writing of young people which should be carefully avoided or overcome;

the following are some of the most prominent:

Fine writing, which is an attempt to dress up very common place matter in a flowery, fantastic style, which always produces a feeling akin to disgust in the mind of the reader.

Oratorical language applied to common every-day subjects.

Provincial expressions, partaking in some degree of the nature of slang.

Choosing big words when small ones would do the work better.

Writing hastily and spending no time afterward in polishing and correcting.

Using expressions which do not Jit the thought.

Errors in grammar and orthography have already been referred to.

Let the young men and the young women devote some attention to reading and writing.

The home without a small collection of books is a desert without a compensating oasis;

yet, if there is such a home it exists because the young people and the old have not made reading and its companion, writing, an integral part of their daily lives.

If the family has books which are never used, it is for the same reason.

Both'these reasons may be and should be overcome by giving attention to the matters named above.

We would suggest that in this day of imported magazines, when we are called upon to enter into competition with the intellect of other communities, we will stand a poor chance in the race unless we devote our energies to the development of literary ability, which shall bring our home productions prominently before people on their merits.

The law of supply and demand is an important one, and we cannot ignore it.

If our publications become worthy of patronage so that they do not suffer seriously by comparison with others, this patronage will not be wanting.

In conclusion, we urge upon young people the necessity of patriotism in this direction, for it is a patriotism which will not only advance the public good, but the personal efficiency of every worker.

Literary ability demands cultivation;

let not this demand go unheeded.

THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT LEAGUE.

The Mutual Improvement League, which was organized in Salt Lake City, early in the present year is progressing satisfactorily.

The League is conducting a department of M.

I.

work hitherto neglected, namely physical culture.

In the old Social Hall building on

State Street there has been established a gymnasium, first class in every respect, containing all the necessary appratus designed for the perfect development of the human body.

In connection with the gymnasium are a number of fine baths, bath tubs and showers.

I HE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

The League also has an excellent library and reading room which is open to the public every day, except

Sunday.

During the coming general conference the officers of the league will be glad to welcome at the League House all M.

I.

A.

members and workers and such are invited to make themselves perfectly at home there.

At a recent meeting of the directors of the League it was decided unanimously, in order to raise means for carrying out the laudable objects of the organization, to conduct another lunch during October conference at the same place as the one so successfully conducted by the League during the April conference.

In addition to the large room used before large and commodious tents will be erected on the corner of Main and South Temple for the accommodation of patrons.

All friends of the young people should patronize the "League

Lunches"during the coming conference.

We learn by letter from Brother Samuel E.

McClellan, secretary of Y. M. M.

I. A.

ot the Juarez Stake, that a Stake confeaence of Y. M. M.

I. A. was held in Colonial Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexicon on August 21,

The Conference was well attended, every association in the Stake being represented.

Excellent instructions were given out and a good spirit prevailed.

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION X.

Before Apostles Benson and Snow returned home from the Islands, it was evident to them that Palawai, the gathering place of the native Saints, was lost to them.

Gibson showed an immovable determination to cling to the land which he had gained by cajoling and swindling the Saints; and with no hope of co-operation from the government officials, the brethren felt it would be time and labor lost to try to recover it for the natives who had contributed to buy it.

The necessity for a gathering place which might stand as the nucleus of the Church, upon the Ialands, was never more strongly felt than at this time.

The baleful influence of Gibsonanism was seen everywhere, in the diminished numbers of the Saints of the various branches, and in the indifferent spirit which prevailed among those who had not apostatized.

In many places it seemed harder to fan the old spirit of the Gospel to renewed life than to make original converts.

The people had had their confidence betrayed by a man whom they had received as the accredited representative of the Church, and with some it was hard to separate the fraudulent minister from the Church itself.

The brethren were instructed to keep a lookout in their travels for another suitable gathering place, and in their teachings they sometimes dwelt on the necessity of gathering.

But it soon became evident that nothing could be expected from the natives in the way of pecuniary assistance to secure the necessary land—they had been bitten once and were not inclined to try another experiment.

Under these conditions it was decided by the Presidency to have a gathering place selected and secured independently of the native Saints.

Accordingly, Elders George Nebeker and F. A. Hammond were called to the Islands in October, 1864, on a special mission, to either buy or lease a suitable tract of land, as in their judgment was deemed best.

They left Salt Lake City, November

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

10, 1864, traveling by the overland stage to San Francisco, where they met Elders Joseph F.

Smith, W.

W.

Cluff and F.

W.

Young, on their way home from the Islands.

(Brother Young and Benjamin Cluff had arrived at the Islands the preceding June, and had assisted in the reorganization of the Church there.

They took passage by sailing vessel to Honolulu, where they arrived December 23, 1864.

They at once began their investigations, visiting the various islands and critically examining several plantations that were offered for sale, but were unable to decide on any certain one without further advice from the Presidency of the Church.

The prices of suitable locations were so high that they did not feel like taking the responsibility of making a purchase.

It was finally decided that Brother Nebeker should return home and report to President Young, and for Brother Hammond to remain and make further investigations.

He left the Islands January 18, 1865, and arrived in Salt Lake

City about a month later.

In the meantime Brother Hammond was peculiarly impressed to negotiate for the purchase of a plantation known as Laie, situated on the east side of the

Island ol Oahu, thirty-two miles from

Honolulu, the metropolis and capital of the Kingdom.

Laie was owned by an American Ex-Consul named Doharty.

The Elders in their travels around the Island had frequently enjoyed his hospitality at Laie and had had excellent opportunity for becoming acquainted with the facilities it offered for a gathering place. When

Brother Hammond heard that Laie was for sale and that the sale must be effected at once, he was in a quandary how to act. He retired to rest one night with his mind full of the subject, and as he believed, in answer to his prayers, received a vivid and convincing dream.

President Young and Heber C.

Kimball came and went with him over the plantation, calling his attention to the many desirable features it presented for the gathering place of the native Saints, and also saying in a very positive manner that this was the chosen spot.

All doubts were set at rest and the purchase was made for the sum of sixteen thousand dollars.

The first payment of eight thousand dollars was secured from a shipping company in Honolulu, by pledging the credit of the Church lor its speedy payment and a mortgage given for the balance.

Before going further it may be interesting to relate an incident that offers strong support to the belief that Laie was chosen by inspiration from Heaven.

As before stated the brethren who were left upon the Islands by Apostles Benson and Snow were instructed to look about them for a suitable "gathering place."This they did with their minds full of the importance of the subject and with prayerful hearts.

Elder W. W.

Cluff was laboring among the branches on Oahu, and in his travels found himself at Laie enjoying the hospitality of Mr.

Doharty.

The following is from his own narration:

"Between his house and the sea beach was a piece of ground where grew a very dense thicket of a large shrub of a peculiar growth. Through this were paths made by the people and their domestic animals.

One day when I was walking along one of these paths, I saw President Young approach me.

Said he, 'This is the place to gather the native Saints to.'He seemed to fully comprehend the surroundings, and in that easy, familiar way, so characteristic of him, indicated the advantages afforded for a settlement.

No matter what my bodily condition might have been at that time, the apparent meeting was in the open air and in the broad light of day.

It was as real to me as any fact of my life.

I saw the facilities of the place

f THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

as he represented them, and ever afterwards that appeared to me the best place on the Islands for the gathering of the Saints."After having visited every portion of the Islands the writer is impressed with the superiority of Laie above every other location upon the whole group for the purposes for which it was designed, and as far as my knowledge goes it is the universal testimony of all Elders who have visited the Islands that no better choice could have been made.

No extended description of Laie will be attempted.

In a general way, it may be said that it has a sea coast of something over two miles, bordered by a comparatively level plain of from one to about two miles in width, on which are situated the pastures and cane and rice fields.

Then come grassy hills and slopes, merging into deep canyons and sharp wooded ridges extending back to the backbone of the mountain chain which marks the western boundary of the plantation.

Near the northern boundary is a land "locked valley or basin, well watered, in which are the indispensible kalo patches which supply the natives with food.

On a gentle elevation overlooking both valley and plain is situated the plantation house, or houses, for there are several of them, for the accommodation of the missionaries and their families.

The total area is something over six thousand acres, of which probably one- sixth is suitable for cultivation.

Less than two weeks after the departure of Brother Nebeker, Brother

Hammond sailed for the coast.

Arrived in San Francisco, he sent a long telegram to President Young telling what he had done.

This report was received shortly after the report of Brother Nebeker, and under the circumstances was much of a surprise to all concerned.

He was instructed to come to Salt Lake in order to give a fuller account of his labors.

His actions received the approval of the Presidency and he was sent back to San Francisco with the money for the first payment, which was furnished by the Church.

A company of missionaries was sent with their families to work on the plantation and to labor among the natives.

They made their start on the 20th of May, 1865, encamping the first night on the west bank of the Jordan River, where they were visited by President Young and others, and set apart for their mission.

Elder George Nebeker was called to preside over the mission.

He was to hold and operate the plantation in his own name;

to invest his own means in it, and to assume all obligations individually.

The journey across the plains to San Francisco occupied some time, and from there the voyage was made to Honolulu by sailing vessel.

The company arrived at Laie July 7th, 1865, where they found Elders Alma L. Smith and Benjamin Cluff, who had been left to begin the work of plowing, planting, etc., by Brother

Hammond when he bought the place.

They had planted about forty acres of corn and cotton and some rice, besides enclosing a considerable field with a stone fence or wall.

As soon as their families were permanently settled some of the Elders were sent out to labor among the natives, while others remained to carry on the work of the plantation and to build a frame meeting house at Laie.

A history of the early days of the plantation would be a history of discouraging failure of crops for several consecutive seasons, and as a consequence Brother Nebeker found himself getting deeper in debt.

When he took possession there were several hundred head of cattle on the plantation, besides sheep and goats.

The sheep and goats besides many of the cattle were sold and applied on the indebtedness, besides money which he had brought with him.

After failing with cotton and rice, sugar cane was planted, at first as an

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS CObNTR\ AND MISSION.

experiment.

The result was so gratifying that all their efforts were directed to making sugar.

A small mill was bought which was run by mule power.

The natives were beginning to gather, and in 1869 Elder

Nebeker wrote that there were about two hundred at Laie and more coming.

About sixty were employed in the cane fields and about the mill.

As a result of the first clean-up there were about one hundred tons of sugar, besides much molasses.

The Deseret Neivs of August 4, 1869, states that Elder George Nebeker had arrived in Salt Lake City from the Islands with samples of sugar and molasses made by the missionaries there, which was equal to that imported from the east, and that he thought he could put it on the market cheaper.

In February, 1870, Z. C. M.

I. was advertising another lot of sugar received from the Islands and the News editorially urged the people to buy it in preference to the imported article, and thus encourage

Brother Nebeker and his associates in their laudable enterprise.

After that time for several years regular shipments of sugar and molasses were made to Salt Lake City.

The successful cultivation of sugar opened up an era of prosperity for the plantation, but owing to the debts which had greatly increased during what may be termed the experimental stage, it was still a constant struggle for Brother Nebeker.

In he was released from his labors, and turned over the plantation in a prosperous condition to his successor, F.

A.

Mitchel.

Brother Mitchell exchanged property in Utah for a part interest in the plantation, and as Brother Nebeker had done, looked after his personal interests while presiding over the mission.

Owing to some misunderstanding, the exchange of property between them was "declared off,"and Brother Nebeker became again sole proprietor.

Subsequently the Church took the plantation off his hands, assuming all outstanding debts. He received only such money as he had personally invested;

his time and labor for several years being uncomplainingly devoted for the "good of the cause."The feeling of distrust with which the natives at first regarded the plan of gathering, after their experience with Gibson, gradually wore away;

but it seems evident that they have never fully appreciated what the Church has done for them.

Because of the restrictions by the government against their leaving their own country, it was impossible for them to gather as did converts in other lands, to Zion;

therefore Laie was chosen for a temporary gathering place, where they might be more fully prepared when the way might be opened for their gathering to Zion.

The dealings of the missionaries with the natives from the first have been dictated by a spirit of consideration for their welfare, that in their experience with other white men and planters they never experience.

When other plantations hire them to work, it is usuallv by a system known as "shipping,"or "capering."That is, they virtually buy their time for a certain period, and during that time they practically own them.

In many instances it may be termed a sort of limited slavery.

Once in the toils it is hard for the poor native to free himself;

for, taking advantage of his propensity to run in.

debt, the planter allows him to contract debts by overdrawing his pay, or for goods at the plantation store, which must be settled before he was at liberty to quit.

Brother Nebeker established the policy of hiring the natives from day to day or from week to week as they desired to work, it being understood that they could have constant employment.

And at the same time he discouraged them from running in debt.

This plan, while it was

THE SANDWICH ISLANDS COUNTRY AND MISSION.

much better for the natives, often left the plantation short-handed just when help was most needed;

for, taking advantage of his freedom, the inconsistent laborer would take a notion to rest or to take a trip to Honolulu, just when his services were most in demand.

While from a business point of view this method of dealing with the natives is open to criticism, yet, considering that the missionaries were actuated by a benevolent desire for the advancement of the people and to teach them the principles of the Gospel of truth, it was the best plan.

The natives respect and revere their teachers in a manner that would be impossible under different relations;

and not only this, it has been often demonstrated to the rulers of the kingdom, that the "Mormon"missionaries were real friends of their dusky subjects.

On different occasions have expressions of approval been publicly given by the king himself;

notably by King Kalakaua, who, on three different occasions, visited Laie, twice to take part in the ceremonies of the dedication of the "new meeting house,"and once when he first became king of the Hawaiian Islands.

He declared his pleasure with what he saw in no uncertain terms, and admonished the native Saints to give heed to the teachings of the Elders and thus become better subjects of the realm.

At the April conference, 1873, just before the release of Brother Nebeker, the statistical report of the

Islands showed a total membership of three thousand seven hundred and forty-six.

The report in 1895, gives a total of four thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine members residing in eighty-one branches.

At Laie there were three hundred and sixty-four.

It is not so much the number of natives who have gathered to Laie, that gives importance to that land, as in the fact that it is the headquarters of the Church upon the Islands, from whence the missionaries are sent out each term to the various districts, and where the Saints from all the islands assemble twice a year, in April and October, for general conference.

Laie is to them as Salt Lake City has been for so many years to the Saints in this land.

Marvin E. Pack.

"The habit of self-control is the repeated authority of the reason over the impulses, of the judgmeut over the inclinations, of the sense of duty over the desires.

He who can govern himself intelligently has within him the source of all real happiness.

The moral energy which he puts forth day by day increases by use, and becomes stronger and keener by exercise.""The necessity of serious work that is laid upon most people often hides what would otherwise be uppermost.

Perhaps they have no time to do what they would like to do, or even to be what they would choose to be.

The great 'must,'that usually benificient factor of human life, often draws a veil over the preferences, the inclinations, the wishes, the hopes, which, after all, constitute the real self, but which are relegated to but a small fraction of life."''Hope has always been the light to man's feet on the rugged path of existence.

Whatever be the present circumstances, it has always a word of cheer by pointing to brighter and better conditions in the future.

It is like an angel standin > on the narrow bridge of the present, holding a powerful light illuminating the future and the past.

It has always said, 'Learn from the past, act in the living present, trust to the future.'Hope indulged in abstinently is a source of power.

Hope used inordinately is a source of unreasonable intoxication and loss of strength."

n INSTITUTE I & km DR. G. W. SHORES, Chief Consulting Physician.

DR. N. D ESTES, As»'t Consulting Physicitn

Office in the Harmon Block, No. 34 East

Second South St., > alt Lake City.

Treat and Cure Catarrh and all Chronic, Nervous and Private Diseases o? Both Sexes.

m0k SPECIALTIES:

ear, nose, throat, lungs, stomDowels, heart, liver, kidneys, bladder, rheumatism, St. Vitus dance, fits, skin diseases, blood disease, and all diseases of women and children.

Surgical Department:

Tumors, club foot, hair lip, stiff joints, rupture, and all deformities.

We cure PILES by our new painless method.

No cutting, no detention from business.

•Send stamp for Dr. G.W. Shores'Guide to Health, and new symptom list free.

No charge for consultation.

DANIEL HARRINGTUN, Constitution Building, Opposite Z. C. M. I.

SALT LAKE CITY.

SUPPORT HOME INDUSTRY.

If you want a good and cheap Suit of Clothes Perfect Kit Guaranteed J, or Cleaning and Repairing, call on

JOHN BERGEN, THE TAILOR, 128 W. South Temple Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

Send your name for a Souvenir of the Works of Eugene Field, FIELD^FLOWERS the eugene field monument Souvenir

The most beautiful Art Production of the century.

"A small bunch of the most fragrant of blossoms gathered from the broad acres of Eugene Field's

Farm of Love."Contains a selection of the most beautiful of the poems of Eugene Field.

Handsomely illustrated by thirty-five of the world's greatest artists as their contribution to the Monument Fund.

But for the noble contributions of the great artists this book could not have been manufactured for $7.00.

For sale at book stores, or sent prepaid on receipt of $1.10.

The love offering to the Child's Poet Laureate, published by the Committee to create a fund to build the Monument and to care for the family of the beloved poet.

Eugene Field Monument Souvenir Fund, 180 Monroe Street, Chicago, III.

NOW READY The Fourth Edition of the M.

I.

A. MANUAL Part 1, Is now issued.

Price per copy, postpaid, CENTS.

Also twelve lessons for this year's work of M.

I.

A. MANUAL, Part 2, Price per copy, postpaid, 15 CENTS.

FOR SALE BY The Contributor Co.

SALT LAKE CITY,"UTAH, P. O. BOX 520, AND BY OTHER BOOK DEALERS.

The above pamphlets are published under the advice and by the authority of the Presidency and officers of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

BARLOW FERGUSON, JOHN M. CANNON, §MtOJNW||0-»t-pW t Constitution Building, Salt Lake City.

.„CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DESIGN PATENTS, v COPYRICHTS, etc.

«TvU2-rin -atioa an(i free Handbook write to

MUNN & CO., 361 Broadway. New York.

Oldest bureau for securing patents in America.

£very patent taken out by us isjarought before the public by a notice given freeof charge in, the

MtvMxt ^mxltm Largest circulation of any scientific paper In the

SA, SP en(Ud 'y illustrated No intelligent man should be without it.

Weekly «a no i year; $1.50 sixmonths.

Address, MUNN &'CO Publishers, 361 Broadway, New York City;

YOU SHOULD SUBSCRIBE FOR THE CONTRIBUTOR

POWDER

Absolutely Pure.

A cream of tartar baking powder.

"Highest o( all in leavening strength.—

JLatest United States Government Food Report.

HOYAL BAKING POWDER Co, New York UNION PACIFIC Unionm SYSTEM The Through Car Line / Points North, South, East and West.

J'lU i.

T HE ONLY LINE Operating Dining Cars and Through Pullman Palace Sleepers to Chicago and Saint Louis Without Change.

City Ticket Office, 201 Main St.

Oliver W. Mink D. E. BUR LEY, Genl. Agt. Pass. Dept.

E.ElleryAnderson Fred'k B. Coudert John W. Doane e. DICKINSON, E.L.LOMAX, Receivers.] Gen'l Mgr.

G.F&T.A.

%aC^30C%3O%3^ FOR Books, Stationery, Toys, Day and Sunday School and Office SEND TO m m^LJ) OGDEN.